other Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?	LOC
other What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?	NUM
desc What is it like to experience a near death episode ?	DESC
termeq What 's another name for aspartame ?	ENTY
desc Where did the term fireplug come from ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between khaki and chino ?	DESC
desc What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	DESC
def What is an urban legend ?	DESC
food Which is heavier - cream or milk ?	ENTY
desc What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?	DESC
date What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?	NUM
ind Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?	HUM
state What are all the southern states of the United States ?	LOC
dismed What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?	ENTY
symbol What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?	ENTY
date What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?	NUM
cremat What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?	ENTY
count How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?	NUM
reason Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?	DESC
other What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?	ENTY
count How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?	NUM
temp What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
money How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?	NUM
manner How does lightning travel ?	DESC
desc What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?	DESC
desc What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	DESC
ind What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?	HUM
desc What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?	DESC
other What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	LOC
food What does a tarantula eat ?	ENTY
gr Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?	HUM
ind Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg 	HUM
event What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	ENTY
manner How do I legally make my own will and testament ?	DESC
ind What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of glass ?	ENTY
manner How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?	DESC
termeq What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	ENTY
other What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	ENTY
money What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?	NUM
manner How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	DESC
def What is saltpeter ?	DESC
cremat In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	ENTY
animal What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?	ENTY
desc Who is Robin Williams ?	HUM
def What is endometriosis ?	DESC
ind Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the word , JJ .	DESC
reason What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?	DESC
ind What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''	HUM
event What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?	ENTY
other Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	LOC
country What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''	DESC
gr What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?	HUM
country What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?	LOC
sport What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?	ENTY
techmeth Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
animal Which came first , according to Genesis 1 	ENTY
termeq The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?	ENTY
ind Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?	HUM
count How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	NUM
other Where are there aborigines ?	LOC
def What is probability theory ?	DESC
ind Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of robbers ?	ENTY
cremat What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?	ENTY
country What country 's capital is Tirana ?	LOC
def What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?	DESC
ind What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?	HUM
reason What is the purpose of a car bra ?	DESC
state What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?	LOC
desc What is he doing now ?	DESC
other On what river is Rome built ?	LOC
ind Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?	HUM
manner How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	DESC
title What is Larry King 's job ?	HUM
count How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?	NUM
other Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?	LOC
desc What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?	DESC
cremat What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?	ENTY
def What is a caul ?	DESC
reason For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?	DESC
country What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?	LOC
count How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	NUM
reason What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?	DESC
ind Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?	HUM
manner How do you make a paintball ?	DESC
ind Who was the tallest U.S. president ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of black people ?	ENTY
count How many hearts does an octopus have ?	NUM
def What is a storm surge ?	DESC
other Where did he get the title ?	LOC
animal Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?	ENTY
other What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?	LOC
other Name a civil war battlefield .	LOC
ind What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?	HUM
manner How do they find an epicenter ?	DESC
symbol What playing card symbolizes death ?	ENTY
date What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?	NUM
manner How do anti-locking brakes work ?	DESC
manner How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .	DESC
manner How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?	DESC
count How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?	NUM
other Where is McCarren Airport located ?	LOC
def What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?	DESC
other Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	LOC
period How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?	NUM
other What did The Gas House Gang play ?	ENTY
techmeth What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?	ENTY
reason Why do many Native American students not complete college ?	DESC
count How many languages does the Pope speak ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of money ?	ENTY
event What was the worst hurricane ?	ENTY
other Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	LOC
manner How can you become an FBI agent ?	DESC
ind What is a person called that likes fire ?	HUM
dist What is the wingspan of a condor ?	NUM
state Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of pregnancy ?	ENTY
country What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?	LOC
exp What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	ABBR
other In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?	LOC
exp What is DEET ?	ABBR
reason Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?	DESC
other What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	ENTY
weight How many pounds are there in a stone ?	NUM
ind Who is the President of Ghana ?	HUM
other Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	LOC
count How many people are there in the world ?	NUM
count How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	NUM
other What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?	ENTY
city What city did the Flintstones live in ?	LOC
animal What is a female rabbit called ?	ENTY
count How many people in America snore ?	NUM
ind What was Al Capone 's nickname ?	HUM
count How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	NUM
reason What makes you fat ?	DESC
city What is the capital of Kosovo ?	LOC
reason Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?	HUM
other What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?	LOC
def What are binomial coefficients ?	DESC
count How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of hell ?	ENTY
other What 's bottled in jeroboams ?	ENTY
count How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?	NUM
def What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?	DESC
other What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?	LOC
gr What is the first personal computer company ?	HUM
gr What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	HUM
gr Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?	HUM
count How many verses are in the Bible ?	NUM
cremat What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	ENTY
substance What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?	ENTY
ind What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	HUM
ind What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?	HUM
cremat What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends 	ENTY
ind What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?	HUM
def What does `` saute '' mean ?	DESC
gr Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?	HUM
word What is another word for diet ?	ENTY
other Where is Ocho Rios ?	LOC
ind Who made the first surfboard ?	HUM
ind Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	HUM
count How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?	NUM
other Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	LOC
def What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?	DESC
cremat What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	ENTY
date In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	NUM
ind What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?	HUM
other What are the different types of plastic ?	ENTY
count How many corners does a spritsail have ?	NUM
reason Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	DESC
other What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?	LOC
ind Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?	HUM
date When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	NUM
desc What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?	DESC
ind Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?	HUM
other What 's the most popular form of bridge ?	ENTY
country What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?	LOC
reason What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?	DESC
word What is the plural of gulf ?	ENTY
ind Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?	HUM
country What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?	LOC
ind Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?	HUM
cremat What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?	ENTY
desc What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?	DESC
dist What is the wingspan of a condor ?	NUM
desc What are the benefits of home school ?	DESC
def What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?	DESC
dismed What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	ENTY
def What are bear and bull markets ?	DESC
ind Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?	HUM
money How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?	NUM
date What time of year do most people fly ?	NUM
period Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	NUM
ind Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?	HUM
reason Why is the grass green ?	DESC
period What is the average age a horse lives ?	NUM
other What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?	ENTY
exp What does BMW stand for ?	ABBR
ind Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?	HUM
date What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?	NUM
manner How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?	DESC
manner How do I give a good massage ?	DESC
ind Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?	HUM
def What 's a water funnel ?	DESC
ind Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .	HUM
ind Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	HUM
gr What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?	HUM
count How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?	NUM
other What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?	LOC
sport What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?	ENTY
country What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	LOC
cremat What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?	HUM
ind Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?	HUM
other What are some mythology websites ?	LOC
country What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?	LOC
def What is Spumante ?	DESC
techmeth What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?	ENTY
cremat What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	ENTY
count How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	NUM
techmeth What is the formula to calculate pi ?	ENTY
count How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?	NUM
techmeth What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?	ENTY
date What is the first day of the week ?	NUM
ind What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?	HUM
sport What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?	ENTY
substance What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?	ENTY
ind Who said 	HUM
body What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?	ENTY
country What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?	LOC
def What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?	DESC
ind Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	HUM
count How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?	NUM
ind Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?	HUM
gr What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?	HUM
ind What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?	HUM
other What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?	LOC
abb What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?	ABBR
desc What are the current immigration laws in US ?	DESC
date When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?	NUM
gr What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	HUM
country What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?	LOC
ind Who invented the game bowling ?	HUM
ind What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?	HUM
termeq What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?	ENTY
other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	NUM
food What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''	ENTY
other Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?	LOC
food What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?	ENTY
sport What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?	ENTY
manner How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?	DESC
desc What will happen when sodium is put in water ?	DESC
def What are liver enzymes ?	DESC
ind What was Mao 's second name ?	HUM
def What is multimedia ?	DESC
other Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	LOC
dist How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?	NUM
animal What is the name given to a group of geese ?	ENTY
ind What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?	HUM
other Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of hair ?	ENTY
other What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	LOC
ind Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?	HUM
money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	NUM
other What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?	ENTY
other Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?	LOC
veh What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?	ENTY
gr What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?	HUM
ind What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?	HUM
other Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	LOC
cremat What Aesop 's fable has the moral 	ENTY
ind What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	HUM
exp What is DTMF ?	ABBR
termeq What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	ENTY
cremat Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .	ENTY
ind What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?	HUM
ind What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	HUM
ind Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?	HUM
termeq What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?	ENTY
abb What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
ind Who wrote the Bible ?	HUM
other Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?	LOC
other What is the largest museum in the world ?	LOC
desc What was the importance of Magellan ?	DESC
def What are chloroplasts ?	DESC
desc What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?	DESC
count How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?	NUM
other Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?	LOC
ind Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady 	HUM
ind What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?	HUM
def What is Occam 's Razor ?	DESC
count How many Russians have landed on the moon ?	NUM
def What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?	DESC
count How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	NUM
ind Who invented the horoscope ?	HUM
date When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?	NUM
substance What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?	ENTY
ind Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?	HUM
desc What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?	DESC
cremat What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?	ENTY
gr What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?	HUM
other What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	ENTY
other What does a deltiologist collect ?	ENTY
count What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?	NUM
country What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?	LOC
count How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?	NUM
ind What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?	HUM
dist What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?	NUM
desc What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?	DESC
color What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?	ENTY
city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	LOC
country What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?	LOC
ind Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	HUM
termeq What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?	ENTY
reason Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	DESC
desc What happened to Answers.com ?	DESC
def What is titanium ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?	DESC
ind What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?	HUM
city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	LOC
manner How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?	DESC
desc What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	DESC
animal What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?	ENTY
plant What is the most widely cultivated plant ?	ENTY
reason What made Jane Goodall famous ?	DESC
mount What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	LOC
letter What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?	ENTY
date When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?	NUM
state What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?	LOC
reason Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?	DESC
event What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?	HUM
termeq What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said 	ENTY
other In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	LOC
other What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?	ENTY
ind Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?	HUM
other What is the website for the USA journal ?	LOC
count How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?	NUM
manner How do you find the area of a circle ?	DESC
other What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?	NUM
def What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?	DESC
food What fruit does the ficus produce ?	ENTY
other What London street is the home of British journalism ?	LOC
count How many feet are there in a fathom ?	NUM
date What year did the War of 1812 begin ?	NUM
instru Ray Charles plays which instrument ?	ENTY
manner How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?	DESC
country What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?	LOC
date When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	NUM
other Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	LOC
gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	HUM
reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?	DESC
ind Who won World War II ?	HUM
date What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''	NUM
animal What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?	ENTY
animal Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?	ENTY
other Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?	LOC
gr What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	HUM
count How much salt is in the oceans ?	NUM
manner How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?	DESC
count How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?	NUM
def What is Zionism ?	DESC
def What is a conifer ?	DESC
desc What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?	DESC
count How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?	NUM
instru Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?	ENTY
other What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?	ENTY
gr What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?	HUM
def What is power steering ?	DESC
food What were the first frozen foods ?	ENTY
reason What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	DESC
other What four forms does gold occur in ?	ENTY
other What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?	LOC
money What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?	NUM
country What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?	LOC
cremat What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	ENTY
food What do penguins eat ?	ENTY
substance What did the ancients call the four great elements ?	ENTY
city What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?	LOC
techmeth What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	ENTY
exp What does RCA stand for ?	ABBR
ind What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?	HUM
ind What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	HUM
other How large is Missouri 's population ?	NUM
desc Who is Samuel Pickering ?	HUM
other What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?	ENTY
other What is the largest museum in the world ?	LOC
date What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?	NUM
def What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?	DESC
period How old is Britney Spears ?	NUM
ind What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?	HUM
def How is thalassemia defined ?	DESC
other What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?	ENTY
ind Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?	DESC
cremat What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	ENTY
def What is hyperopia ?	DESC
date When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?	NUM
other What is the rarest coin ?	ENTY
date When was Richard Nixon born ?	NUM
ind Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	HUM
ind What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?	HUM
animal What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?	ENTY
def What does laser stand for ?	DESC
def What is Shalom ?	DESC
desc What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	DESC
def What is deconstructionism ?	DESC
event What famous events have happened on March 27 ?	ENTY
count How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?	NUM
ind Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	HUM
ind What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?	HUM
cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?	ENTY
ind Who did the Seven Mules block for ?	HUM
country What country has the most coastline ?	LOC
other Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	LOC
def What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?	DESC
date What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?	NUM
exp What is IOC an abbreviation of ?	ABBR
other What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?	LOC
lang What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	ENTY
other Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?	LOC
def What is thalassemia ?	DESC
cremat What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	ENTY
cremat What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	ENTY
city What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	LOC
manner How do you stop junk snail mail ?	DESC
date When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	NUM
def What is the 401 , K , plan ?	DESC
ind Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	HUM
reason What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?	DESC
def What is a multiplexer ?	DESC
termeq What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?	ENTY
count How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?	NUM
letter What is the alphabet for Latin ?	ENTY
def What is an annotated bibliography ?	DESC
def What are amicable numbers ?	DESC
money How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?	NUM
termeq How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?	DESC
ind Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?	HUM
ind What was Darth Vader 's son named ?	HUM
def What is osmosis ?	DESC
ind What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?	HUM
date What year did Apartheid start ?	NUM
def What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''	DESC
def What is Occam 's Razor ?	DESC
sport What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?	ENTY
abb What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	ABBR
date What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?	NUM
def What is a gas release event ?	DESC
reason Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?	DESC
state What state did Helen Keller call home ?	LOC
sport What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?	ENTY
reason Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?	DESC
state What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?	LOC
ind Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?	HUM
desc What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?	DESC
ind What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?	HUM
money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	NUM
techmeth What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	ENTY
gr What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?	HUM
ind Who penned 	HUM
ind What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?	HUM
reason What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?	DESC
desc What is Compaq 's mission statement ?	DESC
date When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	NUM
desc What is the history of the hairdryer ?	DESC
date When did the Carolingian period begin ?	NUM
count How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?	NUM
sport What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?	ENTY
ind What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?	HUM
other Where did makeup originate ?	LOC
count How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?	NUM
other What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?	ENTY
city What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?	LOC
food What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?	ENTY
food What kind of wine is Spumante ?	ENTY
ind What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?	HUM
other Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?	LOC
ind Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?	HUM
city What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?	LOC
date When did CNN go on the air ?	NUM
animal What kind of creature is a coot ?	ENTY
def What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?	DESC
def What are pomegranates ?	DESC
ind What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	HUM
ind Who created the character James Bond ?	HUM
desc What will the weather be today ?	DESC
ind What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?	HUM
city Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?	LOC
cremat What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?	ENTY
date In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?	NUM
desc Who is Langston Hughes ?	HUM
ind What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?	HUM
ind Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word , JJ .	DESC
def What does the name Shawn mean ?	DESC
other A corgi is a kind of what ?	ENTY
def What does idle mean ?	DESC
desc Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .	DESC
other Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?	LOC
exp What is HTML ?	ABBR
money What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
perc What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?	NUM
ind Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?	HUM
state What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?	HUM
food What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?	ENTY
other What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?	LOC
ind Who invented the fax machine ?	HUM
date When did the Jurassic Period end ?	NUM
desc What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?	DESC
def What is thermal equilibrium ?	DESC
lang What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	ENTY
country What two countries in South America are landlocked ?	LOC
state What state has the most Indians ?	LOC
money What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?	NUM
country Name the country which Honecker lived in .	LOC
exp What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	ABBR
ind Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?	DESC
cremat Jude Law was in what movie ?	ENTY
ind Who directed Citizen Kane ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?	HUM
event What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	DESC
cremat What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?	ENTY
manner How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?	DESC
other Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .	ENTY
ind Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	HUM
ind Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?	HUM
word What is the collective noun for geese ?	ENTY
manner How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	DESC
other What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?	LOC
reason Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?	DESC
other What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?	ENTY
manner How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	DESC
ind Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?	HUM
ind Who was the first king of England ?	HUM
def What 's the meaning of UOL ?	DESC
ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	NUM
city What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?	LOC
country What 's the most powerful country in the world ?	LOC
mount What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?	LOC
desc What was the importance of Magellan ?	DESC
def What is hypnotherapy ?	DESC
mount What is the tallest mountain ?	LOC
ind What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?	HUM
ind What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?	HUM
ind Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?	HUM
country What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?	LOC
ind Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
food What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?	ENTY
desc What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	DESC
ind What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	HUM
reason Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?	DESC
gr What is the best Internet business to go into ?	HUM
money How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
ind Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?	HUM
gr Who made the first airplane ?	HUM
other Where can I find the status of my tax return ?	LOC
reason What is the purpose of BIOS ?	DESC
manner How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?	DESC
dismed What does a chiropodist treat ?	ENTY
ind Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?	HUM
body What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?	ENTY
ind What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?	HUM
def What is Sinn Fein ?	DESC
animal What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?	ENTY
ind Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	HUM
other Where was George Washington born ?	LOC
gr Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?	HUM
other Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?	LOC
title What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	HUM
date What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?	NUM
cremat What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
def What is a wet dream ?	DESC
reason Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''	DESC
other Where did Honecker rule ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of jealousy ?	ENTY
ind Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	HUM
product What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	ENTY
money What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?	NUM
period At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	NUM
def What is dry ice ?	DESC
plant What are two plants that clothes are made from ?	ENTY
def What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?	DESC
other Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	LOC
def What is a First World country ?	DESC
event What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?	ENTY
ind Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?	HUM
state What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	LOC
lang What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	ENTY
city What is the largest city in Texas ?	LOC
dismed What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	ENTY
def What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?	DESC
count How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	NUM
sport What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?	ENTY
reason What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	DESC
manner How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?	DESC
currency What money was used by them ?	ENTY
ind Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?	HUM
country What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?	LOC
other What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?	ENTY
date In what year did Thatcher gain power ?	NUM
ind What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?	HUM
money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	NUM
desc What happens when a body part falls asleep ?	DESC
city What city does McCarren Airport serve ?	LOC
def What is meant by `` capital market '' ?	DESC
country What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?	LOC
count How many trees go into paper making in a year ?	NUM
weight What is the average weight for a man ?	NUM
ind What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?	HUM
country What country in Latin America is the largest one ?	LOC
termeq How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?	ENTY
animal What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	ENTY
termeq What do the French call La Manche ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of fish ?	ENTY
color What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?	ENTY
ind What English playwright penned 	HUM
other What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	ENTY
other Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?	LOC
other What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?	LOC
def What is Toulmin logic ?	DESC
food What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .	ENTY
ind What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?	HUM
ind Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	HUM
manner How do telephones work ?	DESC
manner How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?	DESC
country What three European countries begin with the letter A ?	LOC
cremat What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	ENTY
ind What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?	HUM
ind Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?	HUM
count How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	NUM
other What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?	ENTY
country What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?	LOC
desc What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?	DESC
other What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts 	ENTY
desc What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?	DESC
instru Ray Charles plays which instrument ?	ENTY
exp What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	ABBR
desc What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?	DESC
count How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?	NUM
def What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?	DESC
cremat What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?	ENTY
reason Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?	DESC
reason Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?	DESC
other What river runs through Liverpool ?	LOC
food What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?	ENTY
dist How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?	NUM
ind What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?	HUM
other Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	LOC
cremat What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?	ENTY
def What is a meerkat ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of ruin ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?	DESC
manner In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?	DESC
count How many objects orbit the Earth ?	NUM
veh What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of weakness ?	ENTY
other Where does dew come from ?	LOC
ind Who 's The King of Swing ?	HUM
other What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?	ENTY
food What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?	ENTY
def What was the Vietnam War ?	DESC
sport What sport is known for hooligans ?	ENTY
cremat What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?	ENTY
country What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	LOC
count How many times more than 3	NUM
cremat In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?	ENTY
def What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?	DESC
desc What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?	DESC
other What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?	ENTY
exp What does S.O.S. stand for ?	ABBR
other What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?	ENTY
substance What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?	ENTY
desc What do economists do ?	DESC
animal What horse did Zorro ride ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	DESC
ind Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?	HUM
other What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?	LOC
food What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?	ENTY
date When did the neanderthal man live ?	NUM
ind What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?	HUM
product What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?	ENTY
product Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''	ENTY
other Where is the Mayo Clinic ?	LOC
reason What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?	DESC
other Where did guinea pigs originate ?	LOC
period How long do flies live ?	NUM
ind What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?	HUM
country What country boasts the most dams ?	LOC
money How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?	DESC
period How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?	NUM
food What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?	ENTY
def What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?	DESC
period What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?	NUM
ind What English queen had seventeen children ?	HUM
date What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?	NUM
count How many questions are on this thing ?	NUM
gr What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?	HUM
def What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?	DESC
ind Who sells Viagra ?	HUM
ind Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?	HUM
manner How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?	DESC
def What are the cookies in Internet ?	DESC
ind What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?	HUM
exp What is DSL ?	ABBR
desc Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?	DESC
ind What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?	HUM
ind What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?	HUM
ind What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?	HUM
ind Which king signed the Magna Carta ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?	DESC
count How many Leos have been Pope ?	NUM
ind Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?	HUM
money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?	NUM
perc What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
termeq What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?	ENTY
count How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?	NUM
country What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?	LOC
cremat What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?	ENTY
termeq How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?	ENTY
food What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?	DESC
ind Who earns their money the hard way ?	HUM
other Where is Tufts University ?	LOC
event What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?	ENTY
other What 's the home of the Rockettes ?	LOC
ind What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	HUM
other What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	LOC
food What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?	ENTY
word What English word contains the most letters ?	ENTY
cremat What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?	ENTY
country What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?	LOC
ind Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	HUM
ind Who invented baseball ?	HUM
city What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	LOC
manner How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	DESC
city What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of speaking ?	ENTY
food What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?	ENTY
count How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?	NUM
termeq What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?	ENTY
count How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?	NUM
ind What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	HUM
termeq The Jewish alphabet is called what ?	ENTY
food Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?	LOC
count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?	NUM
perc What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?	NUM
desc Who is Coronado ?	HUM
reason Why is hockey so violent ?	DESC
def What is Australia Day ?	DESC
manner How do I do this ?	DESC
ind What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?	HUM
color What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?	ENTY
def What is limbo ?	DESC
ind Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?	HUM
reason What is Colin Powell best known for ?	DESC
other Where are the busiest ports in the world ?	LOC
sport What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?	ENTY
def What does appropriates money mean ?	DESC
ind Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?	HUM
other In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?	LOC
date What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?	NUM
gr What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?	HUM
def What is ethylene ?	DESC
ind What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?	HUM
def What is a dangling participle ?	DESC
color What is your favorite color ?	ENTY
termeq What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?	ENTY
instru What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?	ENTY
exp What does SHIELD stand for ?	ABBR
gr What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?	HUM
def What was the filling in the first golf balls ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of gravity ?	ENTY
desc What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?	DESC
ind What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?	HUM
other What is the population of Kansas ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of being alone ?	ENTY
product Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	ENTY
manner How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?	DESC
count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?	NUM
def What is a Jake brake ?	DESC
gr Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .	HUM
symbol What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?	ENTY
other What is the population of Japan ?	NUM
other What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?	DESC
manner How does a copier work ?	DESC
sport What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?	ENTY
desc What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?	DESC
ind Who is the president of the Spanish government ?	HUM
manner How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .	DESC
country What country has the largest sheep population ?	LOC
def What does verdandi mean ?	DESC
desc What 's the Olympic motto ?	DESC
gr What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?	HUM
substance What is the Taj Majal made of ?	ENTY
exp What does IOC stand for ?	ABBR
ind Who was credited with saying 	HUM
def What is a courier ?	DESC
ind What World War II leader declared 	HUM
ind Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?	HUM
other Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	LOC
cremat What is the best-selling book of all time ?	ENTY
other What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	LOC
def What is the nature of learning ?	DESC
gr What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	HUM
def What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	DESC
other What is Bill Gross 's email address ?	LOC
country What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?	DESC
ind Silly putty was invented by whom ?	HUM
product What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?	ENTY
ind What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?	HUM
country What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?	LOC
city In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?	LOC
exp What does the abbreviation cwt. ?	ABBR
count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	NUM
period How long was the longest hiccup attack ?	NUM
other Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?	LOC
food What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	ENTY
manner How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	DESC
sport What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?	ENTY
color What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	ENTY
city In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?	LOC
other What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	LOC
other Where is Burma ?	LOC
animal What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?	DESC
ind What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?	HUM
other Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	LOC
def What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?	DESC
other What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?	LOC
ind What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	HUM
cremat What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?	ENTY
ind Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .	HUM
other Where is Burma ?	LOC
animal What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
gr What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	HUM
other What does the River Seine empty into ?	LOC
title Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .	HUM
ind Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?	HUM
def What is splatterpunk ?	DESC
substance What are super balls made of ?	ENTY
other Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	LOC
product What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?	ENTY
other Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?	LOC
desc What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	DESC
ind Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?	HUM
dismed What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?	ENTY
ind Who is the premier of China ?	HUM
ind Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?	HUM
cremat What is the first book of the Old Testament ?	ENTY
other Where is McCarren Airport located ?	LOC
dist How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?	NUM
lang What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	ENTY
manner How did Edith Bunker die ?	DESC
sport What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	ENTY
reason Why do many Native American students not complete college ?	DESC
termeq What is a synonym for aspartame ?	ENTY
techmeth What are the five basic swimming strokes ?	ENTY
count How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	NUM
ind What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?	HUM
other What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?	LOC
ind Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?	HUM
manner How do movie blues screens work ?	DESC
gr What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?	HUM
manner How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?	DESC
other How often are quadruplets born ?	NUM
cremat What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends 	ENTY
other What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?	LOC
other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?	ENTY
def What is the Peloponnesian League ?	DESC
date When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	NUM
cremat Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?	ENTY
def What is a stratocaster ?	DESC
color What is the most popular sports car color ?	ENTY
state What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?	LOC
cremat What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?	ENTY
other What do camels store in their humps ?	ENTY
ind Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?	HUM
def What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	DESC
desc What was the V-8 Juice slogan 	DESC
other Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	LOC
cremat What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?	ENTY
event What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?	ENTY
ind Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?	HUM
manner How do you dunk ?	DESC
other What ocean does Mauritania border ?	LOC
cremat Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?	ENTY
other What is the largest lake in North America ?	LOC
manner How can I transport files from one computer to another ?	DESC
perc What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?	NUM
other What types of water pollution are there ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the name Katie ?	DESC
count How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?	NUM
count How many people live in Tokyo ?	NUM
cremat What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?	ENTY
country What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	LOC
substance What are the stars made of ?	ENTY
country What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?	LOC
ind Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?	HUM
country What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?	LOC
state What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	LOC
ind What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	HUM
other Where 's the Petrified Forest ?	LOC
def What is a serigraph ?	DESC
substance What kind of crystals exist ?	ENTY
reason What are tonsils for ?	DESC
manner How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?	DESC
other What did Vasco da Gama discover ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?	DESC
count How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?	NUM
desc What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	DESC
color In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?	ENTY
city What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?	LOC
def What is home banking ?	DESC
ind What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?	HUM
manner How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?	DESC
other Where is Logan Airport ?	LOC
ind Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	HUM
period How old is Stevie Wonder ?	NUM
sport What type of exercise burns the most calories ?	ENTY
def What is a drought ?	DESC
ind Who said 	HUM
animal What are the two largest birds on earth ?	ENTY
speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	NUM
country What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?	LOC
termeq What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?	ENTY
ind What cigar-chewing comedian observed 	HUM
ind Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?	HUM
manner How do I tie dye clothes ?	DESC
def What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?	DESC
manner How do I find a snowboarding website ?	DESC
color What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	ENTY
ind Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?	HUM
def What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?	DESC
symbol What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?	ENTY
ind What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?	HUM
count How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	NUM
gr What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	HUM
other Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?	LOC
desc What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?	DESC
gr What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?	HUM
body Where does your hair grow the fastest ?	ENTY
other Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?	LOC
other What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	LOC
manner How do anti-locking brakes work ?	DESC
other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	NUM
ind Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?	HUM
def What does the name Shawn mean ?	DESC
dismed Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	ENTY
reason Why does it snow ?	DESC
other Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	LOC
mount What is New England 's highest mountain ?	LOC
cremat What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?	ENTY
other What 's the home of the Rockettes ?	LOC
desc What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?	DESC
cremat Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?	ENTY
date In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?	NUM
cremat What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?	HUM
count How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?	NUM
ind What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	HUM
manner How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?	DESC
ind Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	HUM
food What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?	ENTY
food What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?	ENTY
cremat What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?	ENTY
def What is `` alternative '' anymore ?	DESC
manner How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	DESC
event What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?	ENTY
ind What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?	DESC
manner How do you become a dentist ?	DESC
reason Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	DESC
gr Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	HUM
other Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?	LOC
count How many counties are in Indiana ?	NUM
other What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	ENTY
exp What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?	ABBR
desc What do economists do ?	DESC
desc Who was Quetzalcoatl ?	HUM
city What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?	LOC
food What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?	ENTY
money How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
def What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?	DESC
def What are Maid-Rites ?	DESC
count How many times more than 3	NUM
currency What money was used here ?	ENTY
ind Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?	HUM
word What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?	ENTY
desc What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	DESC
reason What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?	DESC
desc What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	DESC
mount What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?	LOC
other What can one see in Reims ?	ENTY
def What does the donation process entail ?	DESC
other Where is Rider College ?	LOC
money How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?	DESC
exp What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?	ABBR
desc What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?	DESC
other Where are all European and American eels born ?	LOC
ind Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the peace symbol ?	DESC
count How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?	NUM
ind Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	HUM
country What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?	LOC
other Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?	LOC
reason What causes rust ?	DESC
ind Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	HUM
substance What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?	ENTY
other Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?	LOC
dismed What is the fear of being loved ?	ENTY
state What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?	LOC
ind What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	HUM
count How many meters are in a mile ?	NUM
other Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?	LOC
desc What 's the state motto of California ?	DESC
other What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	ENTY
money What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?	NUM
country What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?	LOC
country What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?	LOC
reason Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	DESC
ind Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	HUM
reason Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?	DESC
def What are shooting stars ?	DESC
ind What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?	HUM
reason What causes pneumonia ?	DESC
reason Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?	DESC
count How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	NUM
count How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?	NUM
other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of worms ?	ENTY
ind Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?	HUM
gr What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	HUM
gr What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?	HUM
other What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?	ENTY
period How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?	NUM
count How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?	NUM
money What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?	NUM
ind Who turned all he touched to gold ?	HUM
termeq What do Italians call Florence ?	ENTY
count How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?	NUM
desc What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?	DESC
period How long does a fly live ?	NUM
ind Who is the Pope ?	HUM
other What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?	NUM
desc What is the weather like on the moon ?	DESC
substance What 's the second-lightest element ?	ENTY
ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	NUM
count How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?	NUM
other Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?	LOC
ind What President once told Gene Autry 	HUM
dismed What is a fear of everything ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?	ENTY
other What was George Washington afraid of ?	ENTY
gr What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?	HUM
count What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?	NUM
manner How does blood clot ?	DESC
city What is the capital of Seattle ?	LOC
manner How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?	DESC
def What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?	DESC
def What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	DESC
event What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?	ENTY
country What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	LOC
other What is November 's birthstone ?	ENTY
ind Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?	HUM
date What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of touching ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?	HUM
count What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?	NUM
city What United States city produces the most oil ?	LOC
other What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?	NUM
other What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?	ENTY
ind What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?	HUM
cremat What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	ENTY
animal What African animals are known as The Big Five ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?	HUM
reason What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	DESC
date When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?	NUM
cremat What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?	ENTY
city What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?	LOC
gr What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	HUM
techmeth What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?	ENTY
other What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?	ENTY
plant What plant has the largest seed ?	ENTY
animal What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?	ENTY
dismed What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?	ENTY
other What are the biggest Indian airports ?	LOC
ind Who killed Martin Luther King ?	HUM
substance What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?	ENTY
ind What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?	HUM
ind What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?	HUM
date In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	NUM
sport What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?	ENTY
exp What is RAM in the computer ?	ABBR
count How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?	NUM
other What 's the most popular form of bridge ?	ENTY
food Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?	ENTY
count How many people own pets ?	NUM
def What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?	DESC
def What is the virus HIV ?	DESC
body Which ear can most people hear better with ?	ENTY
other Where is Basque country located ?	LOC
ind What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of machinery ?	ENTY
count How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?	NUM
ind Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?	HUM
dismed What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?	ENTY
cremat What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	ENTY
cremat What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?	ENTY
def What is `` flintknapping '' ?	DESC
money What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
ind What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?	HUM
manner How do ants have sex ?	DESC
reason What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?	DESC
state What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?	LOC
cremat What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?	ENTY
other Where is Amsterdam ?	LOC
city What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	LOC
ind Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?	HUM
other What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	LOC
desc What do Christian Scientists believe in ?	DESC
other A corgi is a kind of what ?	ENTY
ind Who is the most sexy celebrity ?	HUM
desc What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?	DESC
ind Who was the first king of England ?	HUM
state Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?	LOC
period How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?	NUM
sport What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?	ENTY
other What square is the geographical center of London ?	LOC
gr Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?	HUM
ind Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?	HUM
date On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?	NUM
ind Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	HUM
cremat What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?	ENTY
manner How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	DESC
count How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?	NUM
ind Who killed Gandhi ?	HUM
count How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?	NUM
count How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
gr Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	HUM
def What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	DESC
manner How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?	DESC
other What are the largest libraries in the US ?	LOC
city What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?	LOC
city What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	LOC
manner How does a rainbow form ?	DESC
ind Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?	HUM
manner How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?	DESC
ind What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?	HUM
city What is the largest city in Germany ?	LOC
ind Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?	HUM
other What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	LOC
money What is the regular price ?	NUM
city McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	LOC
ind Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?	HUM
currency What type of currency is used in China ?	ENTY
date When was Florida admitted into the Union ?	NUM
temp What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
manner How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?	DESC
other What lake is the source of the White Nile ?	LOC
other Where is the Valley of the Kings ?	LOC
money How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	NUM
desc What happened in the Long March ?	DESC
perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	NUM
weight What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	NUM
manner How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?	DESC
reason Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?	DESC
cremat What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?	ENTY
ind What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	HUM
country What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	LOC
count How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?	NUM
techmeth Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	NUM
other Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	LOC
ind What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	HUM
substance What is the second hardest substance ?	ENTY
date When was Queen Victoria born ?	NUM
manner How does an abacus work ?	DESC
ind What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?	DESC
other What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?	NUM
country What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	LOC
country What nation boarders Mozambique ?	LOC
period What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?	NUM
sport In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?	ENTY
ind What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	HUM
cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?	ENTY
word What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	ENTY
date In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	NUM
desc Who was Confucius ?	HUM
ind What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	HUM
manner How do you recognize anorexia ?	DESC
def What is Win Rah ?	DESC
def What is agent orange ?	DESC
cremat What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?	LOC
weight What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	NUM
ind Who invented batteries ?	HUM
food What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?	ENTY
other Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?	LOC
cremat What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	ENTY
gr Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?	HUM
def What is a disaccharide ?	DESC
reason Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?	DESC
ind Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?	HUM
exp What does NASA stand for ?	ABBR
city What 's the capital of Iowa ?	LOC
other What does a deltiologist collect ?	ENTY
ind What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?	HUM
money How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	NUM
reason Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?	DESC
reason What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?	DESC
other Where 's Montenegro ?	LOC
substance What alloy do copper and tin form ?	ENTY
substance What is Jell-O made from ?	ENTY
other Where does tuberculosis come from ?	LOC
other What is the location of McCarren Airport ?	LOC
other In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?	ENTY
money How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?	NUM
dismed What is the fear of the computer called ?	ENTY
dismed What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as 	ENTY
money What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
date When did Jaco Pastorius die ?	NUM
date What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?	NUM
reason Why is the mile 528 feet ?	DESC
cremat What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?	ENTY
other What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?	ENTY
ind Who is the sexiest women in the world ?	HUM
desc What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?	DESC
other What 's the sacred river of India ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?	DESC
dist How tall is kilamanjaro ?	NUM
ind Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?	HUM
ind The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?	HUM
other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	LOC
sport The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?	ENTY
other What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?	LOC
termeq What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	ENTY
temp How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
ind Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?	HUM
ind What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?	HUM
count How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	NUM
other What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?	ENTY
ind Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?	HUM
date When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	NUM
period How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?	NUM
count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	NUM
other What are the largest breweries in the world ?	LOC
reason Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	DESC
count How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	NUM
gr What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?	HUM
word What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?	ENTY
word What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?	ENTY
ind Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?	HUM
ind Who won the rugby world cup in ?	HUM
def What is Candlemas Day ?	DESC
gr What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?	HUM
def What does e=mc2 mean ?	DESC
period How long does it take different materials to decompose ?	NUM
manner How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?	DESC
manner How is the element strontium purified ?	DESC
manner How do Ouija Boards work ?	DESC
ind Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?	HUM
def What is Smartnet ?	DESC
other What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?	LOC
cremat What are the first ten amendements passed ?	ENTY
period Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	NUM
manner How do I start a bank ?	DESC
ind What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?	HUM
ind What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?	HUM
def What is Greek pita ?	DESC
ind What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?	HUM
date When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	NUM
other What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	ENTY
gr What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?	HUM
ind Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?	HUM
reason Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	DESC
desc What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?	DESC
period How old is Jeremy Piven ?	NUM
date What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?	NUM
other Where is Rider College located ?	LOC
gr What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?	HUM
product Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?	ENTY
count How many elephants are left on earth ?	NUM
food What type of food makes you fat ?	ENTY
manner How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?	DESC
reason Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?	DESC
manner How do you identify prime numbers ?	DESC
other Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?	LOC
desc What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of disease ?DESC	ENTY
dismed What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	ENTY
state What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?	LOC
count How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?	NUM
manner How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of slime ?	ENTY
cremat What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?	ENTY
desc Where do chihuahuas come from ?	DESC
desc Who is Johnny Carson ?	HUM
ind Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?	HUM
other What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	DESC
cremat What is the largest sculpture in the world ?	ENTY
reason Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	DESC
desc What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	DESC
ind What creative genius said 	HUM
def What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?	DESC
country What country lies directly south of Detroit ?	LOC
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
ind Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg 	HUM
city What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	LOC
desc What is it like to experience a near death episode ?	DESC
count How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
color What are Halloween 's colors ?	ENTY
animal What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?	ENTY
food What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?	ENTY
sport What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?	ENTY
other Name an art gallery in New York .	LOC
def Hazmat stands for what ?	DESC
ind Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?	HUM
food What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	ENTY
exp What is LMDS ?	ABBR
ind What classical Spanish writer warned 	HUM
reason What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	DESC
date What year was the first automobile manufactured ?	NUM
ind Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
ind Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?	HUM
city What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?	LOC
ind Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?	HUM
ind What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?	HUM
ind What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?	HUM
other Where is Ayer 's rock ?	LOC
reason Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?	DESC
def What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?	DESC
other Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?	LOC
gr What is the best distance education university or college ?	HUM
food What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?	ENTY
country What are the Benelux countries ?	LOC
ind What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	HUM
other Where was the first restaurant ?	LOC
ind Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of water ?	ENTY
ind Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	HUM
city What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?	LOC
other What are the seven seas ?	LOC
def What is usenet for the Internet ?	DESC
product What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?	ENTY
other Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?	LOC
ind What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	HUM
other Where is Basque country located ?	LOC
event What concerts are held in New York this week ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?	HUM
count How many sides does a heptagon have ?	NUM
event What series of trials followed World War II ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
plant What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?	ENTY
ind Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?	HUM
ind Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?	HUM
reason What causes headaches ?	DESC
country What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?	LOC
ind Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	HUM
ind Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?	HUM
ind Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?	DESC
manner How can I transport files from one computer to another ?	DESC
product What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?	ENTY
desc What is different about the red and black fox ?	DESC
def What does Robert mean ?	DESC
substance What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?	ENTY
count How many meters are in a mile ?	NUM
ind What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized 	HUM
other Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?	LOC
color What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?	ENTY
other What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?	ENTY
cremat What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	ENTY
def What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?	DESC
other Where do lobsters like to live ?	LOC
money What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?	NUM
def What is the virus HIV ?	DESC
ind What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?	HUM
lang What are the two languages of Malta ?	ENTY
def What are field effect transistors ?	DESC
other What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?	NUM
temp What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?	NUM
ind What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?	HUM
manner How does a glacier form ?	DESC
ind What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?	HUM
ind What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?	HUM
manner How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?	DESC
gr What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?	HUM
other What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?	LOC
state What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?	LOC
desc Who is Edmund Kemper ?	HUM
other What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	LOC
count How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	NUM
exp What does SHIELD stand for ?	ABBR
desc Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .	DESC
ind Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
gr Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?	HUM
count How many people own pets ?	NUM
other Where are there aborigines ?	LOC
ind What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?	HUM
city What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	LOC
ind Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?	HUM
other What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?	ENTY
event What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?	ENTY
def What are shooting stars ?	DESC
exp What does the channel ESPN stand for ?	ABBR
ind What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	HUM
ind Who invented the electric guitar ?	HUM
other Where is Santa Lucia ?	LOC
city In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?	LOC
manner How was the ACLU formed ?	DESC
ind What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?	HUM
reason Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?	DESC
reason Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?	DESC
ind Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	HUM
def What is the highest Roman numeral ?	DESC
ind What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	HUM
dismed What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	ENTY
def How can you define time ?	DESC
product What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?	ENTY
perc What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	NUM
count How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
exp What does NECROSIS mean ?	ABBR
date What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of cholera ?	ENTY
other What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?	ENTY
period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	NUM
def What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?	DESC
ind Who was Camp David named for ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of water ?	ENTY
other What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?	ENTY
termeq What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?	ENTY
ind Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?	HUM
count How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?	NUM
ind Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?	HUM
volsize How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	NUM
ind Who is the president of Bolivia ?	HUM
count How many Americans have HIV ?	NUM
def What are Fortune 500 companies ?	DESC
ind Who sought to create The Great Society ?	HUM
country What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?	LOC
city What Japanese city was once called Edo ?	LOC
gr What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	HUM
date What is the date of Boxing Day ?	NUM
other What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?	LOC
ind What French designer declared 	HUM
dismed What is a fear of trees ?	ENTY
ind What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?	HUM
city What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	LOC
money How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?	NUM
other What are the largest breweries in the world ?	LOC
product What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?	ENTY
count How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?	NUM
ind Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	HUM
def What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?	DESC
state What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?	LOC
state What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	LOC
def What are the Urals ?	DESC
city What state capital comes last alphabetically ?	LOC
def What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	DESC
def What does the word terrorism mean ?	DESC
ind Who was the first American in space ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?	DESC
other Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?	LOC
state What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	LOC
exp What does IBM stand for ?	ABBR
title What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?	HUM
event What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	ENTY
count How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?	NUM
termeq What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?	ENTY
ind Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?	HUM
ind What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?	HUM
def What is yohimbine ?	DESC
sport What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?	HUM
other What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?	LOC
country What country 's people are the top television watchers ?	LOC
manner How did Asia get its name ?	DESC
other Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?	LOC
date When was the bar-code invented ?	NUM
ind Whose old London come-on was 	HUM
other What are some mythology websites ?	LOC
date When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?	NUM
ind Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?	HUM
def What 's the Red Planet ?	DESC
other Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	LOC
count How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?	NUM
other Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	LOC
reason Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?	DESC
ind Whose first presidential order was 	HUM
reason What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?	DESC
city What South American capital is the world 's highest ?	LOC
period What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?	NUM
date When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?	NUM
desc Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	DESC
other What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?	ENTY
ind What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?	HUM
cremat What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	ENTY
cremat What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?	ENTY
country What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?	LOC
def What is the definition of low island ?	DESC
dist How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?	NUM
other Where is Belize located ?	LOC
other What ocean is the largest in the world ?	LOC
other What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	ENTY
def What is porphyria ?	DESC
count How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?	NUM
animal What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?	ENTY
gr What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?	HUM
manner How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?	DESC
other Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of speaking ?	ENTY
desc What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?	DESC
desc What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?	DESC
def What is a Guild ?	DESC
other What 's the longest river in the world ?	LOC
reason Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?	DESC
manner How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	DESC
country What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?	LOC
count How many people in Tucson ?	NUM
other What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?	LOC
cremat What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	ENTY
ind Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?	HUM
count How many eyes does a bat have ?	NUM
exp What does NAFTA stand for ?	ABBR
state What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	LOC
dismed What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	ENTY
cremat What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?	ENTY
date When did the American Civil War end ?	NUM
termeq Aspartame is also known as what ?	ENTY
manner How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?	DESC
reason Why is the development of space so important ?	DESC
gr What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?	HUM
other Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?	LOC
period How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?	NUM
period How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	NUM
cremat What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?	ENTY
symbol What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?	ENTY
country What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	LOC
def Define cosmology .	DESC
food What are all the different types of pizza ?	ENTY
plant What plant has the largest seed ?	ENTY
exp What does S.O.S. stand for ?	ABBR
def What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''	DESC
ind Who is the prime minister of Australia ?	HUM
country What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?	LOC
count How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?	DESC
termeq What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?	ENTY
ind Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?	HUM
cremat What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?	ENTY
ind Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?	HUM
count How many Leos have been Pope ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between jazz and blues ?	DESC
cremat What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?	ENTY
event What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?	ENTY
other What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?	LOC
ind What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	HUM
state What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?	LOC
ind What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?	HUM
count How many people are taller than 7 feet ?	NUM
event What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of fur ?	ENTY
def What does Aaron mean ?	DESC
gr Name the tree growing company .	HUM
city What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?	LOC
animal Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?	ENTY
ind What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?	HUM
gr What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?	HUM
money What was the first minimum wage ?	NUM
instru What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?	ENTY
cremat What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?	ENTY
symbol What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?	ENTY
ind Who created the character of Scrooge ?	HUM
ind What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?	HUM
food What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?	HUM
def What are faults in the earth 's crust ?	DESC
desc What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	DESC
other What did Tristan come back as ?	ENTY
ind Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?	HUM
food What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?	ENTY
money What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?	NUM
def What is the Kashmir issue ?	DESC
food What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?	ENTY
exp CNN is an acronym for what ?	ABBR
desc What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?	DESC
reason What makes sperm ?	DESC
ind Who made the first gas engine ?	HUM
ind What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?	HUM
manner How do you select wine ?	DESC
country What country has problems with hooligans ?	LOC
word Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .	ENTY
count How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	NUM
perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	DESC
dismed What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	ENTY
other Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?	LOC
exp CNN is an acronym for what ?	ABBR
ind Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?	HUM
termeq How do you say I love you in Spanish ?	ENTY
title What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	HUM
ind What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?	HUM
state What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	LOC
money How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the name Katie ?	DESC
date When did Muhammad live ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of crystals or glass ?	ENTY
ind Who is the Pope ?	HUM
other Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	LOC
reason What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?	DESC
other What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	ENTY
gr Name a French fascist party .	HUM
other Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	LOC
desc What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?	DESC
def What is the Milky Way ?	DESC
desc What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	DESC
def What is a caldera ?	DESC
def What is a handheld PC ?	DESC
other What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?	LOC
count How many types of lemurs are there ?	NUM
cremat What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	ENTY
desc What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?	DESC
ind Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .	HUM
count How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?	NUM
other What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?	DESC
exp What is SAP ?	ABBR
count How many school districts are there in the United States ?	NUM
desc Who was Santos-Dumont ?	HUM
ind Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	HUM
count How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?	NUM
count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	NUM
product What computer operating system is on the most computers ?	ENTY
count How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?	NUM
reason What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	DESC
other Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?	LOC
other What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?	ENTY
city What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	LOC
money What was the first minimum wage ?	NUM
count What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?	NUM
religion In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	ENTY
dist How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?	NUM
ind Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?	HUM
ind Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	HUM
other What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?	LOC
reason What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	DESC
ind Who won the rugby world cup in ?	HUM
ind Name a female figure skater .	HUM
def What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	DESC
def What is proposition 98 about ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?	DESC
other Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	ENTY
ind Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?	HUM
manner How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?	DESC
count How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?	NUM
ind What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?	HUM
money How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?	NUM
other Where is Guam ?	LOC
other What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?	LOC
other What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?	ENTY
gr What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of reptiles ?	ENTY
count How many bones are in the human hand ?	NUM
other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	NUM
other What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?	LOC
desc What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?	DESC
lang What 's the official language of Algeria ?	ENTY
ind What was Darth Vader 's son named ?	HUM
city What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?	LOC
ind Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?	HUM
ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	HUM
count How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?	NUM
event What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	ENTY
ind Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?	HUM
count How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?	NUM
word What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?	ENTY
veh What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?	ENTY
ind Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .	HUM
substance What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?	ENTY
country What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?	LOC
food What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?	ENTY
money How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	NUM
other Where is the Kalahari desert ?	LOC
lang What is the primary language of the Philippines ?	ENTY
def What are Maid-Rites ?	DESC
date When did the vesuvius last erupt ?	NUM
food Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?	ENTY
ind Who told all in Ball Four ?	HUM
country What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?	LOC
ind What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?	HUM
manner How does it make its colors ?	DESC
ind Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?	HUM
ind What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?	HUM
manner How do I tie a tie ?	DESC
product What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?	HUM
other Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?	LOC
def What is a common dolphin ?	DESC
ind What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?	HUM
cremat What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?	ENTY
food What do manatees eat ?	ENTY
manner How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	DESC
event Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .	ENTY
desc What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?	DESC
ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	HUM
ind Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?	HUM
ind Who founded the Unification Church ?	HUM
other Where are diamonds mined ?	LOC
animal What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	ENTY
termeq What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of stings ?	ENTY
cremat What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?	ENTY
ind Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?	HUM
event What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	ENTY
other Where was Poe born ?	LOC
count The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?	NUM
techmeth What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?	ENTY
food Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?	ENTY
food What foods contain the most protein ?	ENTY
exp What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?	ABBR
other Where is Natick ?	LOC
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
manner How do I contact answers.com ?	DESC
termeq What 's the term for a young fox ?	ENTY
other What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?	LOC
other Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?	LOC
ind What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?	HUM
def What is June 's birthstone ?	DESC
ind Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?	HUM
dismed What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	ENTY
other What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	NUM
city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	LOC
ind What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?	HUM
date What century does Captain Video live in ?	NUM
manner How does James Bond like his martinis ?	DESC
ind Who was Darth Vader 's son ?	HUM
other What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?	ENTY
count How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?	NUM
ind What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?	HUM
color What are the three secondary colors ?	ENTY
other Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	LOC
animal What kind of fish is a coney ?	ENTY
other Where did Dylan Thomas die ?	LOC
count How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?	NUM
city What town was the setting for The Music Man ?	LOC
ind Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	HUM
other What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?	LOC
ind What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?	HUM
cremat What was Mae West 's last film ?	ENTY
currency What money was used by them ?	ENTY
ind What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	HUM
ind What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?	HUM
product What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?	ENTY
ind Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?	HUM
other What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?	ENTY
period How old is the universe ?	NUM
desc What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?	DESC
gr Name a French fascist party .	HUM
ind Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?	HUM
ind Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .	HUM
ind Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	HUM
body What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?	ENTY
exp What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	ABBR
other Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?	LOC
gr What university fired Angela Davis ?	HUM
city What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	LOC
desc What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	DESC
color What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?	ENTY
reason What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?	DESC
date When was the slinky invented ?	NUM
count About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
plant What is state tree of Nebraska ?	ENTY
food What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	ENTY
reason What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?	HUM
other What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?	LOC
techmeth What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?	ENTY
country What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	LOC
def What is meant by blood SED rate ?	DESC
ind Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?	HUM
ind Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?	HUM
period How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?	NUM
other What flag flies over Wake Island ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?	DESC
ind What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?	HUM
cremat What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?	ENTY
substance What are fingernails made of ?	ENTY
city What 's the capital of Iowa ?	LOC
city In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?	LOC
manner How do you fix squeaky floors ?	DESC
cremat What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?	ENTY
ind Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?	HUM
manner How do they produce vitamins ?	DESC
reason Why do men snore ?	DESC
other Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	LOC
gr What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?	HUM
cremat What does Knight Ridder publish ?	ENTY
date What is the date of Boxing Day ?	NUM
ind Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?	HUM
ind What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of music ?	DESC
substance What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?	ENTY
other What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?	ENTY
period How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	DESC
count How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	NUM
def What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?	DESC
country What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?	DESC
techmeth What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	ENTY
desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?	HUM
ind Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?	HUM
def What is crabgrass ?	DESC
cremat What is a film starring Jude Law ?	ENTY
other What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?	HUM
manner How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?	DESC
ind Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?	HUM
count How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?	NUM
state What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?	LOC
count In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?	NUM
reason What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?	DESC
city What city is Logan Airport in ?	LOC
ind What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?	HUM
count How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?	NUM
def What is moxie ?	DESC
date In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	NUM
cremat Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?	ENTY
other In what part of the world is Mozambique ?	LOC
cremat What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?	ENTY
other Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	LOC
ind Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	HUM
desc What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?	DESC
count How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of drinking ?	ENTY
country Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	LOC
dist How far away is the moon ?	NUM
state What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	HUM
money What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?	NUM
manner How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?	DESC
desc Who is Barbara Jordan ?	HUM
date When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?	NUM
def What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?	DESC
other What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?	NUM
ind What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?	HUM
gr Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?	HUM
ind What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?	HUM
animal Name four famous cartoon cats .	ENTY
ind Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	HUM
other What cards are bullets ?	ENTY
reason What is the purpose of BIOS ?	DESC
termeq What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?	ENTY
dismed What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?	ENTY
sport What sport do you shag flies in ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?	HUM
ind Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?	HUM
manner How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?	DESC
termeq What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?	ENTY
cremat What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?	ENTY
event What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
def What is a bone marrow transplant ?	DESC
desc What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?	DESC
other What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?	LOC
ind What is the present Pope named ?	HUM
exp What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?	ABBR
reason Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	DESC
manner How do wasps make their nests ?	DESC
manner How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	DESC
color What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?	ENTY
substance What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?	ENTY
other What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?	NUM
def What was the Vietnam War ?	DESC
ind Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''	HUM
gr What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?	HUM
lang What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?	HUM
country What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?	LOC
ind Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	HUM
date In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?	NUM
count What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?	NUM
other What does a heliologist study ?	ENTY
ind Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	HUM
city What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	LOC
sport What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?	ENTY
food What do flatfish eat ?	ENTY
reason Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	DESC
ind What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?	HUM
gr Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	HUM
desc What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?	DESC
food What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?	ENTY
termeq What 's the term for a young fox ?	ENTY
other Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?	LOC
gr What organization is the Security Council a part of ?	HUM
country What country is the largest diamond producer ?	LOC
event What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
weight What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?	NUM
food What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	ENTY
exp What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	ABBR
animal What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?	ENTY
def What is yohimbine ?	DESC
manner How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?	DESC
gr What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	HUM
manner How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	DESC
manner How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	DESC
ind Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?	HUM
ind Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?	HUM
country What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?	LOC
termeq What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?	ENTY
ind Who made the first surfboard ?	HUM
count How many people watch network television ?	NUM
city What city does Orly Airport serve ?	LOC
animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .	ENTY
other What killed Bob Marley ?	ENTY
event What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?	ENTY
cremat What did Aaron Hass write ?	ENTY
other What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?	LOC
other What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	ENTY
mount What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?	LOC
animal What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?	ENTY
other What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?	LOC
ind Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	HUM
gr What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	HUM
other Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?	LOC
city What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?	LOC
ind Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?	HUM
ind What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?	HUM
substance What does ribavirin consist of ?	ENTY
veh What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?	ENTY
ind Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?	HUM
other What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?	ENTY
count How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?	NUM
product Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of motion ?	ENTY
def What is the theory of equivalence states ?	DESC
ind Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?	HUM
dismed What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	ENTY
ind Who created Harry Lime ?	HUM
dismed What does Salk vaccine prevent ?	ENTY
termeq What does caliente translate to in English ?	ENTY
def What does the name Melissa mean ?	DESC
plant What is state tree of Nebraska ?	ENTY
city The Orange Bowl is in what city ?	LOC
city What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?	LOC
exp What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?	ABBR
other Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	LOC
date What year was the NAACP founded ?	NUM
count How many maids were milking ?	NUM
other Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?	LOC
ind Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?	HUM
other Where does chocolate come from ?	LOC
state Kosovo is a province of what country ?	LOC
other What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	ENTY
reason What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?	DESC
gr What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?	DESC
ind What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?	HUM
ind Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?	HUM
date When did Muhammad live ?	NUM
termeq What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	ENTY
exp What is SVHS ?	ABBR
manner How do I legally make my own will and testament ?	DESC
other Where does dew come from ?	LOC
def What is a Mexican hairless ?	DESC
other What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	LOC
period How old is Bernadette Peters ?	NUM
animal What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	ENTY
count How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?	NUM
manner How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	DESC
other Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?	ENTY
animal Name a flying mammal .	ENTY
def What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?	DESC
animal What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?	ENTY
date What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between college and graduate school ?	DESC
cremat What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	ENTY
event What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?	ENTY
country What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	LOC
ind Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?	HUM
animal What was the first domesticated bird ?	ENTY
def Define the Pheonix Club ?	DESC
def What is Spumante ?	DESC
ind Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?	HUM
cremat What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?	ENTY
other What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?	LOC
ind What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?	HUM
other Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?	LOC
veh What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of drinking ?	ENTY
ind Who invented volleyball ?	HUM
count How many people in the world speak French ?	NUM
cremat Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	ENTY
desc Who was Confucius ?	HUM
ind Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	HUM
count How many calories are in a tomato ?	NUM
sport Garry Kasparov plays what game ?	ENTY
ind Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	HUM
other What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?	ENTY
cremat Which is the most-used computer program ?	ENTY
ind Who did Doris Day mean when she said 	HUM
cremat In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	ENTY
def What is a `` repeating voter '' ?	DESC
animal What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?	ENTY
gr What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?	HUM
color What are the three secondary colors ?	ENTY
desc What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	DESC
dismed What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?	ENTY
manner How do storms form ?	DESC
ind Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?	HUM
exp What does snafu stand for ?	ABBR
desc What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	DESC
other What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?	DESC
gr Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?	HUM
ind Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?	HUM
city What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?	LOC
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
ind What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
ind Whose cupboard was bare ?	HUM
animal What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	ENTY
reason Why do some people have two different color eyes ?	DESC
manner How do plants make food ?	DESC
def What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?	DESC
def What are faults in the earth 's crust ?	DESC
country What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?	LOC
sport What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?	ENTY
cremat Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?	ENTY
sport What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?	ENTY
ind With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?	HUM
def What is the 401 , K , plan ?	DESC
desc Who was Damocles ?	HUM
cremat In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	ENTY
ind What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?	HUM
other Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	LOC
desc What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?	DESC
cremat What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?	ENTY
count How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?	NUM
other Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	LOC
title What is the oldest profession ?	HUM
ind Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	HUM
city In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?	LOC
desc What 's the Olympic motto ?	DESC
ind What is a person called that likes fire ?	HUM
ind What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?	HUM
reason What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	DESC
gr What are the three most successful companies of our time ?	HUM
date When did beethoven die ?	NUM
state What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?	LOC
country What country has the port of Haifa ?	LOC
def What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	DESC
desc Who was Damocles ?	HUM
other What do bicornate animals have two of ?	ENTY
other What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?	ENTY
food What type of food makes you fat ?	ENTY
color What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?	ENTY
cremat What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?	ENTY
product What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	ENTY
event What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?	ENTY
exp What does MSG stand for ?	ABBR
veh What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	ENTY
desc What does an emperor do ?	DESC
other Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?	LOC
ind Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?	HUM
count How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?	NUM
count What is the pig population of the world ?	NUM
termeq What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	ENTY
city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	LOC
other On what river is Strasbourg built ?	LOC
ind What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?	HUM
ind What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was 	HUM
ind What is the most popular last name ?	HUM
ind What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?	HUM
exp What does LOL mean ?	ABBR
reason Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	DESC
desc What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?	DESC
dismed What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?	ENTY
other What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	LOC
desc What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?	DESC
ind What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	HUM
desc What will the weather be today ?	DESC
sport What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?	ENTY
gr What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?	HUM
ind Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?	HUM
animal In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?	ENTY
ind Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?	HUM
other What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?	ENTY
cremat What novel has Big Brother watching ?	ENTY
period How old was George Washington when he died ?	NUM
ind What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?	HUM
def What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	DESC
exp What does CPR stand for ?	ABBR
sport What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?	ENTY
count How many school districts are there in the United States ?	NUM
ind Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?	HUM
gr What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?	HUM
count How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?	NUM
ind What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?	HUM
count How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	NUM
country Name the largest country in South America .	LOC
def What is the definition of cecum ?	DESC
exp What does the channel ESPN stand for ?	ABBR
money How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	NUM
techmeth What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?	ENTY
date What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	NUM
dismed What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?	ENTY
date What date did man first land on the moon ?	NUM
gr What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	HUM
dismed What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?	ENTY
city What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?	LOC
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
country What country borders the most others ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of insanity ?	ENTY
manner How do you find oxidation numbers ?	DESC
ind Who 's The King of Swing ?	HUM
ind What two baseball players make up the battery ?	HUM
other What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?	LOC
ind What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	HUM
desc Who was Lacan ?	HUM
reason Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	DESC
count How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	NUM
ind Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?	HUM
ind What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?	HUM
ind What president also became a supreme court justice ?	HUM
letter What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?	ENTY
ind What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?	HUM
date The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?	NUM
gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?	HUM
product What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	ENTY
other Where are zebras most likely found ?	LOC
country What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?	LOC
gr What government department did The Untouchables work for ?	HUM
other What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	LOC
title What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	HUM
cremat What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?	ENTY
termeq What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	ENTY
desc What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	DESC
event What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?	ENTY
count How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?	NUM
product What is the fastest computer ?	ENTY
gr What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?	HUM
cremat What songs were popular in 1948 ?	ENTY
other Where are diamonds mined ?	LOC
event In what war was the first submarine used ?	ENTY
cremat What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?	ENTY
ind What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	HUM
termeq What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?	ENTY
food What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?	HUM
manner How can you prevent it ?	DESC
other What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	LOC
manner How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	DESC
substance What is money made of ?	ENTY
ind Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?	HUM
other What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	ENTY
ind What doctor claimed in a 1946 book 	HUM
count How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	NUM
country Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of cholera ?	ENTY
other What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?	ENTY
other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	NUM
count How many bones are there in the human hand ?	NUM
def What is infomatics ?	DESC
ind Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?	HUM
count How many hearts does an octopus have ?	NUM
ind What was Mao 's second name ?	HUM
ind Who told all in Ball Four ?	HUM
other What does a heliologist study ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. vice-president said 	HUM
date Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?	NUM
body What are the main blood vessels ?	ENTY
def What is pasta ?	DESC
date When was the first Barbie produced ?	NUM
count How many bones are in the human hand ?	NUM
country Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''	LOC
period How long do hermit crabs live ?	NUM
def What does the name Calder mean ?	DESC
gr Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?	HUM
manner How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?	DESC
symbol What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	ENTY
ind What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?	HUM
other In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?	ENTY
food What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	LOC
exp What does JESSICA mean ?	ABBR
ind What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?	HUM
def What is the feudal system ?	DESC
count How many zeros are there in a trillion ?	NUM
ind Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?	HUM
ind Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?	HUM
ind Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?	HUM
ind What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	HUM
termeq What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?	ENTY
perc What percentage of the body is muscle ?	NUM
other Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?	LOC
other What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?	ENTY
desc What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?	DESC
manner How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?	DESC
other On what continent is Mozambique ?	LOC
ind Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .	HUM
def What is paracetamol ?	DESC
animal What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?	ENTY
def What is real time processing ?	DESC
ind Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	HUM
gr What high school does Archie attend ?	HUM
techmeth What is the best way to travel in Japan ?	ENTY
manner How do I start a web based business ?	DESC
termeq What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?	ENTY
other What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	ENTY
animal What African animals are known as The Big Five ?	ENTY
reason Why is Jane Goodall famous ?	DESC
other What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?	ENTY
country What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?	DESC
other Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	LOC
reason What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?	DESC
other Where do quality drinks begin ?	LOC
termeq Aspartame is known by what other name ?	ENTY
color What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	ENTY
manner How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	DESC
lang What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	ENTY
def What is fellatio ?	DESC
count How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?	NUM
ind Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?	HUM
food Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .	ENTY
other What does it take to become a lawyer ?	ENTY
def What does Ouija mean ?	DESC
ind Who is the president of Stanford University ?	HUM
other What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	NUM
date What 's the first day of the week ?	NUM
def What is Australia Day ?	DESC
reason What causes asthma ?	DESC
other What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	ENTY
ind Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?	HUM
ind Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	HUM
manner How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?	DESC
other What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?	ENTY
state What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	LOC
city What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?	LOC
def What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	DESC
def What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	DESC
count How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?	NUM
food Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?	ENTY
gr What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?	HUM
ind Who was the president of Vichy France ?	HUM
reason Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?	HUM
animal What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?	ENTY
ind What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?	HUM
other What determines the value of the pearl ?	ENTY
money What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?	NUM
word What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?	ENTY
desc What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?	DESC
ind Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?	HUM
count How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?	NUM
cremat What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	ENTY
other What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?	NUM
other What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?	LOC
exp What does pH stand for ?	ABBR
event What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?	ENTY
country Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	LOC
def What does gringo mean ?	DESC
money How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	NUM
desc Who was Buffalo Bill ?	HUM
ind What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?	HUM
money How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	NUM
state In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?	LOC
other What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?	LOC
ind Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?	HUM
date When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	NUM
termeq What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?	ENTY
gr Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	HUM
ind What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?	HUM
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
desc What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?	DESC
manner How is cologne made ?	DESC
count How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?	NUM
count How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	NUM
ind Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?	HUM
gr What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?	HUM
product What computer operating system is on the most computers ?	ENTY
animal Name a flying mammal .	ENTY
sport What game does Garry Kasparov play ?	ENTY
desc What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?	DESC
date What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	NUM
ind Who created Maudie Frickett ?	HUM
ind Who followed Caesar ?	HUM
count How many islands does Fiji have ?	NUM
termeq What are dinosaur droppings called ?	ENTY
def What is pandoro ?	DESC
ind What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?	HUM
desc What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?	DESC
reason In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?	DESC
country What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?	LOC
manner How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?	DESC
food What four tastes can a human distinguish ?	ENTY
ind Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	HUM
veh What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?	ENTY
sport What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?	ENTY
desc Who is Barbara Jordan ?	HUM
period How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?	NUM
reason Why is hockey so violent ?	DESC
termeq What 's the literary term for a play on words ?	ENTY
cremat What book opens 	ENTY
cremat What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?	ENTY
exp What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	ABBR
other Where did surfing originate ?	LOC
date When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	NUM
manner How can you prevent it ?	DESC
termeq What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?	ENTY
ind What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?	HUM
food Madonna hocks which soft drink ?	ENTY
count How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?	NUM
gr What is the best college in the country ?	HUM
techmeth What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?	ENTY
ind Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	HUM
ind Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?	HUM
ind Who invented silly putty ?	HUM
termeq Aspartame is also called what ?	ENTY
cremat Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	ENTY
ind Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .	HUM
other What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?	LOC
termeq What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?	ENTY
perc What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?	NUM
count How many maids were milking ?	NUM
abb What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?	ABBR
dismed What is a fear of bees ?	ENTY
event What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	ENTY
country What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?	LOC
def What is measured in curies ?	DESC
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
code What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?	NUM
exp What does BTU mean ?	ABBR
period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	NUM
other What river is Windsor Castle on ?	LOC
date When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?	NUM
reason Why do magnets attract ?	DESC
event What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?	ENTY
ind Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?	HUM
period How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?	NUM
def What is leukemia ?	DESC
reason Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	DESC
other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	LOC
gr Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .	HUM
count How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?	NUM
ind Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?	HUM
animal What is the fastest fish in the world ?	ENTY
date When was Richard Nixon born ?	NUM
ind Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?	HUM
manner How do fuel injectors work ?	DESC
state What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	LOC
gr What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?	HUM
termeq What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?	ENTY
count How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	NUM
animal What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?	ENTY
cremat What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?	ENTY
city What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	LOC
count How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	NUM
date When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?	NUM
ind Who patented the first phonograph ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the name Igor ?	DESC
city What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?	LOC
state What province is Edmonton located in ?	LOC
other Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?	LOC
def What is `` bloodhound '' ?	DESC
count How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?	NUM
other What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?	ENTY
desc What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?	DESC
period How long is human gestation ?	NUM
date When is Boxing Day ?	NUM
count How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?	NUM
food What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''	ENTY
ind What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?	HUM
def What is narcolepsy ?	DESC
ind Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?	HUM
ind Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?	HUM
termeq What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?	ENTY
state What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?	LOC
other Where is Dartmouth College ?	LOC
ind Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .	HUM
lang What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	ENTY
exp What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?	ABBR
def What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?	DESC
ind Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?	HUM
date When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?	NUM
desc Where did marijuana come from ?	DESC
def What is magnetar ?	DESC
def What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?	DESC
reason What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of glass ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?	DESC
count How many millimeters are in a mile ?	NUM
other Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	LOC
substance What is a softball made of ?	ENTY
count How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?	NUM
dist What is the world record for the longest hair ?	NUM
other Where is Melbourne ?	LOC
reason Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	DESC
ind What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?	HUM
other What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?	LOC
food What is the most radioactive food ?	ENTY
count How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?	NUM
ind Who invented panties ?	HUM
country What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?	LOC
desc What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?	DESC
count How many people died on D-Day ?	NUM
ind What classical Spanish writer warned 	HUM
other What does a dipsomaniac crave ?	ENTY
desc What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?	DESC
body What is the weakest bone in the body ?	ENTY
ind What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was 	HUM
ind Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?	HUM
country What country will hit the year 2 first ?	LOC
country What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	LOC
ind Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	HUM
date What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	NUM
mount What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?	LOC
cremat What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?	ENTY
date When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?	NUM
def What is the Immaculate Conception ?	DESC
food What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''	ENTY
def What is a handheld PC ?	DESC
count What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?	NUM
ind Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?	HUM
dismed What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?	ENTY
other What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?	ENTY
ind What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?	HUM
ind Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	HUM
country What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?	LOC
cremat What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?	ENTY
product What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 	ENTY
other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	LOC
country What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?	LOC
lang What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	ENTY
gr What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of fur ?	ENTY
termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?	ENTY
reason What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?	DESC
ind Who invented volleyball ?	HUM
cremat Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .	ENTY
date When did they canonize the Bible ?	NUM
count How many calories are there in a glass of water ?	NUM
gr What manufacturers are there in Texas ?	HUM
ind What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?	HUM
other What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?	ENTY
city Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?	LOC
date What time of year do most people fly ?	NUM
state What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?	LOC
termeq What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	ENTY
symbol What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?	ENTY
other What ocean is the largest in the world ?	LOC
manner How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?	DESC
desc What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of Boxing Day ?	DESC
other Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	LOC
color What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?	ENTY
gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	HUM
def What is a portal ?	DESC
country What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?	LOC
techmeth In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?	HUM
other What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?	ENTY
desc What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?	DESC
lang What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	ENTY
def What is The Gay Science ?	DESC
other What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?	ENTY
ind Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?	HUM
other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	LOC
other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	NUM
other What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	LOC
def What is a plant supplement ?	DESC
other Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?	LOC
period On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?	NUM
dismed What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?	ENTY
animal What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?	ENTY
substance What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	ENTY
color What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?	ENTY
manner How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?	DESC
termeq What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?	ENTY
count How many Americans have HIV ?	NUM
animal What are birds descendents of ?	ENTY
date When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?	NUM
manner How do storms form ?	DESC
ind Who wrote The Godfather ?	HUM
ind What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?	HUM
product What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?	ENTY
food What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	ENTY
other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	LOC
reason Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	DESC
other Where in the United States do people live the longest ?	LOC
other What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?	ENTY
count How many meters are in a mile ?	NUM
other What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	LOC
reason Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?	DESC
state What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?	LOC
date When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?	NUM
other Where was Pythagoras born ?	LOC
other What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	ENTY
ind Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?	HUM
desc Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	DESC
desc Who was Whitcomb Judson ?	HUM
country What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	LOC
desc What is the history of skateboarding ?	DESC
other Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .	ENTY
ind Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?	HUM
city What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?	LOC
food What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?	ENTY
ind Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
def What is office automation ?	DESC
gr What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?	HUM
def What is a nematode ?	DESC
count How many words are there in the Spanish language ?	NUM
ind Who was the architect of Central Park ?	HUM
other What was Einstein 's IQ ?	NUM
cremat What film ends with the line 	ENTY
def What is a Jake brake ?	DESC
desc What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?	DESC
gr What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?	HUM
termeq What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	ENTY
product What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	ENTY
ind What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?	HUM
date What year was the NAACP founded ?	NUM
def What does e=mc2 mean ?	DESC
count How many quarters equal a pound ?	NUM
temp How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?	NUM
other What is the website for the USA journal ?	LOC
termeq What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?	ENTY
ind What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?	HUM
ind What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?	HUM
ind Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?	HUM
exp What does BTU mean ?	ABBR
ind Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?	HUM
ind Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	HUM
plant What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?	ENTY
reason What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?	DESC
ind Who is the head of the World Bank ?	HUM
other Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?	LOC
money What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?	NUM
animal What kind of fish is a coney ?	ENTY
state What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	LOC
count How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?	NUM
reason Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	DESC
food What did brontosauruses eat ?	ENTY
food Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?	ENTY
manner How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?	DESC
city What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?	LOC
manner How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	DESC
techmeth What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	ENTY
ind Whose old London come-on was 	HUM
manner How was the Kennedy money made ?	DESC
termeq What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of shadows ?	ENTY
count How many events make up the decathlon ?	NUM
manner How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?	DESC
ind Who directed The Wild Bunch ?	HUM
ind What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?	HUM
date When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?	NUM
cremat What is the longest-running television series ?	ENTY
def What is literary criticism ?	DESC
country What countries have the best math students ?	LOC
def What are the Low Countries ?	DESC
ind Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?	HUM
termeq How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?	ENTY
def What is the English meaning of caliente ?	DESC
manner How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?	DESC
other What is after death ?	ENTY
techmeth What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?	ENTY
other What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?	LOC
food What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?	ENTY
other What does an edentulous smile lack ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?	DESC
event What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
cremat What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?	ENTY
other What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	ENTY
def What is Plc ?	DESC
count How many days does a typical mayfly live ?	NUM
ind What creative genius said 	HUM
date When was Beethoven born ?	NUM
def What is pandoro ?	DESC
manner How do you do a bibliography page ?	DESC
ind What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?	HUM
state What U.S. state has the most blondes ?	LOC
date What year did Charles Dicken die ?	NUM
date When was child labor abolished ?	NUM
ind What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?	HUM
substance What is a golf ball made of ?	ENTY
animal What bird can swim but can 't fly ?	ENTY
count How many people hike ?	NUM
desc Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	DESC
ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
food What were the first frozen foods ?	ENTY
weight What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?	NUM
cremat What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	ENTY
country What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?	LOC
other What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?	ENTY
termeq What was another name for East Germany ?	ENTY
termeq What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?	ENTY
manner How do wasps make their nests ?	DESC
sport What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?	ENTY
ind Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	HUM
ind Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?	HUM
cremat What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	ENTY
event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	ENTY
city What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?	LOC
ind Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?	HUM
substance What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?	HUM
desc What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	DESC
ind Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?	HUM
termeq What is another name for nearsightedness ?	ENTY
manner How do boats float ?	DESC
event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	ENTY
desc Where did marijuana come from ?	DESC
abb What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?	ABBR
other What kind of science is cosmology ?	ENTY
date When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	NUM
def What is a Devo hat ?	DESC
techmeth What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	ENTY
ind What poet wrote 	HUM
def What is a caul ?	DESC
desc What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?	DESC
other In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	LOC
gr What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?	HUM
ind What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?	HUM
ind Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?	HUM
city What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	LOC
other What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?	ENTY
count How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?	NUM
title What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?	HUM
ind Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	HUM
sport What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	ENTY
ind What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?	HUM
plant What plant is rum made from ?	ENTY
def What is object-oriented design ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between a college and a university ?	DESC
desc What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?	DESC
reason What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	DESC
ind Who first broke the sound barrier ?	HUM
other What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?	LOC
ind What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	HUM
reason Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?	DESC
def What is a nanometer ?	DESC
gr What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?	HUM
def What is Olestra ?	DESC
date What 's the first day of the week ?	NUM
manner How do windmills work ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?	DESC
ind What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?	HUM
city What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	LOC
reason What is Archimedes famous for ?	DESC
def What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	DESC
cremat What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?	ENTY
state What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?	LOC
ind Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	HUM
date When are sheep shorn ?	NUM
ind Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?	HUM
ind Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?	HUM
country What country is Mount Everest in ?	LOC
religion What religion has the most members ?	ENTY
food What food can I use to catch a possum ?	ENTY
ind What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?	HUM
def What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?	DESC
ind Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	HUM
count How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?	NUM
def What is an auto-commentary ?	DESC
def What is a tonne ?	DESC
desc What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the word nevermind ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	DESC
money How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	NUM
ind Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	HUM
ind Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	HUM
desc Who is Zebulon Pike ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of being cold ?	ENTY
reason Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?	DESC
other What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	ENTY
exp What does snafu stand for ?	ABBR
def What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry 	DESC
def What is a Mexican hairless ?	DESC
dismed What does a chiropodist treat ?	ENTY
color What color is Chablis ?	ENTY
other What is the best online games site ?	LOC
country Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	LOC
def What is nuclear proliferation ?	DESC
desc What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''	DESC
other Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	LOC
gr Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	HUM
desc What happened in the Long March ?	DESC
ind Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	HUM
other Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?	LOC
other What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?	LOC
city Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?	LOC
country What country has the most coastline ?	LOC
other What is the oldest building in the United States ?	LOC
ind What American poet wrote 	HUM
gr What are the three most successful companies of our time ?	HUM
other What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?	LOC
cremat What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?	ENTY
ind Who declared 	HUM
ind Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?	HUM
substance What are the stars made of ?	ENTY
cremat What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	ENTY
desc What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?	DESC
def What is InterLata Internet service ?	DESC
gr What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?	HUM
substance What 's the world 's most common compound ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of shadows ?	ENTY
ind What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?	HUM
ind What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	HUM
desc What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	DESC
religion What two major world religions began in India ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?	HUM
other Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?	LOC
desc What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?	DESC
termeq What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	ENTY
other What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	ENTY
gr The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?	HUM
techmeth What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?	ENTY
desc What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?	HUM
other Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?	LOC
reason What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?	DESC
cremat What Aesop 's fable has the moral 	ENTY
period What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?	NUM
other What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?	ENTY
cremat What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?	ENTY
other Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?	LOC
count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	NUM
country Which country did Hitler rule ?	LOC
other What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?	ENTY
exp What is AFS ?	ABBR
other Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?	LOC
ind What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?	HUM
other Where is the Keck telescope ?	LOC
date When is the Thai New Year ?	NUM
desc What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	DESC
city What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?	LOC
ind Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?	HUM
ind What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?	HUM
state What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?	LOC
weight What is the weight of air ?	NUM
event What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?	ENTY
country What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	LOC
reason Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?	DESC
reason What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	DESC
animal What do peacocks mate with ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of food ?	ENTY
period How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	NUM
city The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?	LOC
count A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?	NUM
exp CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	ABBR
reason Why did the chicken cross the road ?	DESC
plant What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?	ENTY
other Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	LOC
country What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?	LOC
other What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?	ENTY
date What year did the Vietnam War end ?	NUM
cremat What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	ENTY
city What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?	LOC
count How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?	NUM
manner How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?	DESC
reason Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?	DESC
ind Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?	HUM
other What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	ENTY
count What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?	NUM
count How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?	NUM
volsize What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	NUM
city What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?	LOC
manner How do you match a name to a social security number ?	DESC
count How many people live in Chile ?	NUM
other What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?	LOC
ind Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?	HUM
cremat What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?	LOC
ind What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?	HUM
gr What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?	HUM
other What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	LOC
code What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?	NUM
ind What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?	HUM
manner How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	DESC
count How many wings does a flea have ?	NUM
gr Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .	HUM
animal What was the first domesticated bird ?	ENTY
count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?	NUM
ind Who invented basketball ?	HUM
city What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?	LOC
exp What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?	ABBR
reason What makes you fat ?	DESC
cremat What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?	ENTY
ind Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	HUM
dismed What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?	ENTY
date What geological time do we live in ?	NUM
def What is the meaning of Jesus ?	DESC
ind Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?	HUM
ind What U.S. vice-president said 	HUM
ind Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?	HUM
ind Who was the first woman in space ?	HUM
country What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	LOC
product What is the brand name of daminozide ?	ENTY
other What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?	DESC
reason What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?	DESC
ind Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?	HUM
ind What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?	HUM
count How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	NUM
dist How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?	NUM
other Where are the Union Stockyards ?	LOC
food Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	ENTY
product What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?	ENTY
count How many milliseconds in a second ?	NUM
city What city is found in the city of OZ ?	LOC
count How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?	NUM
sport What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. vice-president once declared 	HUM
def What is Java ?	DESC
other What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?	ENTY
def What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	DESC
count How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?	NUM
food Which is a real berry 	ENTY
def What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	DESC
count How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?	NUM
sport What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?	ENTY
food What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''	ENTY
food What spice do chefs pay the most for ?	ENTY
count How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	NUM
other What is the population of Ohio ?	NUM
dismed What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	ENTY
money How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
body What is the softest part of the body ?	ENTY
exp What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?	ABBR
termeq What 's a male witch called ?	ENTY
other Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	LOC
period What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?	NUM
event What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?	ENTY
reason Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?	DESC
count What is the population in India ?	NUM
ind What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?	HUM
ind What 's the most common surname in America ?	HUM
other Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?	LOC
ind Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	HUM
city What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?	LOC
exp What does CNN stand for ?	ABBR
ind Who asked the musical question 	HUM
other What continent is Bolivia on ?	LOC
other On what river is Rome built ?	LOC
date On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?	NUM
ind What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?	HUM
manner How is bubble wrap made ?	DESC
speed How fast do cheetahs run ?	NUM
ind Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	HUM
manner How do you use an intranet ?	DESC
animal What do you call a group of geese ?	ENTY
cremat What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?	ENTY
other Where is Kings Canyon ?	LOC
other What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?	LOC
desc Where does `` bovine '' come from ?	DESC
def What is a gandy dancer ?	DESC
other What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	NUM
desc What was the proper Laugh-In respones to 	DESC
ind Who is the fastest guitarist ?	HUM
count How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?	NUM
country Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of everything ?	ENTY
manner How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?	DESC
ind What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?	HUM
other What are some good medical sites for information ?	LOC
state What state was named the Green Mountain state ?	LOC
count How many small businesses are there in the United States ?	NUM
count How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?	NUM
reason Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	DESC
country What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?	LOC
count How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?	NUM
period What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?	NUM
ind Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?	HUM
state What state is Mount McKinley in ?	LOC
manner How does lightning travel ?	DESC
country What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	LOC
def What does Elysium mean ?	DESC
other What sea is Bombay on ?	LOC
gr What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?	HUM
reason What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?	DESC
other Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?	LOC
gr What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?	HUM
cremat What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?	ENTY
ind Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?	HUM
ind Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	HUM
ind Who killed Caesar ?	HUM
gr What professional sports league originated the college draft ?	HUM
city What is the largest city in the world ?	LOC
manner How did water appear on the earth ?	DESC
ind Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?	HUM
other Where is Tornado Alley ?	LOC
cremat What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?	ENTY
ind Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?	HUM
def What does Ouija mean ?	DESC
desc Who is Stein Eriksen ?	HUM
desc What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?	DESC
ind Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?	HUM
city What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?	LOC
ind Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	HUM
product What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?	ENTY
def What is film noir ?	DESC
animal What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?	ENTY
volsize How big is a baby bald eagle ?	NUM
title What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?	HUM
def What are the Twin Cities ?	DESC
def What is object-oriented design ?	DESC
animal What is the full classification of a lady bug ?	ENTY
other Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?	LOC
symbol What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
other Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?	LOC
other What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?	ENTY
desc Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?	DESC
ind Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?	HUM
ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	HUM
other Where is the Mayo Clinic ?	LOC
other Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?	LOC
def What is ethylene ?	DESC
other Where is Qatar ?	LOC
money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	NUM
sport What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?	ENTY
ind Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?	HUM
substance What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?	ENTY
perc Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?	NUM
def What is probability theory ?	DESC
ind Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?	HUM
def What does the name Billie mean ?	DESC
reason What is Jane Goodall known for ?	DESC
manner How does James Bond like his martinis ?	DESC
other What is the highest continent ?	LOC
ind Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?	HUM
ind Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?	HUM
ind Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	HUM
other What is the frequency of VHF ?	NUM
animal What animal has the biggest eyes ?	ENTY
ind What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?	HUM
date What is the busiest air travel season ?	NUM
count How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?	NUM
desc What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?	DESC
religion What religion has the most members ?	ENTY
manner How do clouds form ?	DESC
other What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?	LOC
ind Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?	HUM
ind Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?	HUM
ind Who invented Make-up ?	HUM
ind Who is the founder of Scientology ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?	DESC
date What year did Montana become a state ?	NUM
reason What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	DESC
cremat What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?	ENTY
def What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?	DESC
animal What species is a colt ?	ENTY
ind What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?	HUM
def What is the theory of equivalence states ?	DESC
animal What type is a snail ?	ENTY
other Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?	LOC
gr What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	HUM
exp What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?	ABBR
def What is a nematode ?	DESC
sport What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	ENTY
other What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	LOC
sport What type of exercise burns the most calories ?	ENTY
def What is ouzo ?	DESC
def What does Elysium mean ?	DESC
date In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	NUM
reason What causes an earthquake ?	DESC
other Where did the name Daniel originate ?	LOC
count How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?	NUM
food What ice creams contain seaweed ?	ENTY
cremat What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	ENTY
manner How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	DESC
ind What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?	HUM
dismed What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?	ENTY
def What does caliente mean , in English ?	DESC
cremat What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?	ENTY
other What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	LOC
animal What animal has killed the most people ?	ENTY
count How many questions are on this thing ?	NUM
ind Who was the last woman executed in England ?	HUM
ind Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?	HUM
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
manner How do I write to my Congressman ?	DESC
count How many horses died during the civil war ?	NUM
def What is Srpska Krajina ?	DESC
def What is an ecological niche ?	DESC
date When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?	NUM
ind Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?	HUM
def What is a urologist ?	DESC
state What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?	LOC
count How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	NUM
ind What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	HUM
volsize How big is the universe actually ?	NUM
other What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?	ENTY
ind Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?	HUM
date On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?	NUM
def What are a baseball team 's firemen ?	DESC
ind Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?	HUM
substance What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?	ENTY
event What concerts are held in New York this week ?	ENTY
count How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?	NUM
ind What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?	HUM
other Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?	LOC
dismed What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	ENTY
other What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?	LOC
city What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?	LOC
desc What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?	DESC
desc What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?	DESC
product What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?	ENTY
def What does the word `` meta '' mean ?	DESC
ind What English playwright penned 	HUM
cremat What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?	ENTY
def What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?	DESC
reason Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?	DESC
ind What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?	HUM
cremat What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?	ENTY
product What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?	ENTY
date When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	NUM
ind Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?	HUM
state What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	LOC
other Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?	LOC
other Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	LOC
gr Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?	HUM
termeq Mississippi is nicknamed what ?	ENTY
reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?	DESC
manner How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	DESC
other Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?	HUM
date When was the Berlin Wall erected ?	NUM
ind Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	HUM
other Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?	LOC
other Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?	LOC
manner How can someone become a federal agent ?	DESC
ind What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?	HUM
other Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	LOC
count How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?	NUM
other What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	ENTY
reason What are tonsils for ?	DESC
reason Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	DESC
other Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?	LOC
count How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?	NUM
ind What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?	HUM
desc What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of points ?	ENTY
def What is the Home Rule Act ?	DESC
color What colors make up a rainbow ?	ENTY
manner How can you tell if someone is lying ?	DESC
state What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?	LOC
date In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?	NUM
other What does a phobophobe fear ?	ENTY
count How many people have died of tuberculosis ?	NUM
date When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?	NUM
letter What is the alphabet for Latin ?	ENTY
veh What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	ENTY
cremat What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?	ENTY
count What is the pig population of the world ?	NUM
ind Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?	HUM
ind What king is satirized in the line 	HUM
count How many teats does a female goat sport ?	NUM
animal What animal has the best hearing ?	ENTY
manner How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?	DESC
exp What does CNN stand for ?	ABBR
reason Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?	DESC
date When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	NUM
desc Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	DESC
mount What is the highest peak in Africa ?	LOC
food What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?	ENTY
exp What is BPH ?	ABBR
city What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	LOC
exp What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?	ABBR
dismed What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?	ENTY
termeq The Jewish alphabet is called what ?	ENTY
veh What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?	ENTY
sport What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	ENTY
title What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?	HUM
event What are the historical trials following World War II called ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?	DESC
ind Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?	HUM
sport What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?	ENTY
def What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	DESC
city What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	LOC
ind Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .	HUM
ind Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?	HUM
state What are all the southern states of the United States ?	LOC
manner How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?	DESC
termeq What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?	ENTY
other What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?	ENTY
ind Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?	HUM
termeq What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?	ENTY
other Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	LOC
ind Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?	HUM
abb What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	ABBR
ind Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?	HUM
reason Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?	DESC
desc What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?	DESC
techmeth What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?	ENTY
reason What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	DESC
def What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?	DESC
manner How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?	DESC
exp What is BPH ?	ABBR
event What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of a cascade ?	DESC
cremat What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?	ENTY
lang What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?	ENTY
ind Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?	HUM
color What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?	ENTY
ind What two baseball players make up the battery ?	HUM
count How many referees work a soccer game ?	NUM
country What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?	LOC
veh Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	ENTY
desc What will a compass do in outer space ?	DESC
manner How do you find the area of a circle ?	DESC
other Where is the Danube ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?	HUM
ind Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?	HUM
ind What is the most common name ?	HUM
def What is Megan 's law ?	DESC
ind Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	HUM
ind Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	HUM
techmeth What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?	ENTY
count How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?	NUM
desc What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?	DESC
manner How do you fix squeaky floors ?	DESC
desc What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	DESC
ind What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?	HUM
ind What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?	HUM
state What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?	LOC
ind Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?	HUM
ind Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?	HUM
def What are dingoes ?	DESC
exp What does the acronym CPR mean ?	ABBR
sport What sport do you shag flies in ?	ENTY
count How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?	NUM
def What is a hormone ?	DESC
count How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?	NUM
country What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?	LOC
reason Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?	DESC
other What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?	LOC
gr What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?	HUM
gr What police force did Mack Sennett create ?	HUM
def What are the Baltic States ?	DESC
count What is the world population as of today ?	NUM
ind Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?	HUM
other What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	LOC
other What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?	LOC
gr What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?	HUM
period How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?	NUM
termeq What do the French call La Manche ?	ENTY
ind What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?	HUM
def What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	DESC
date CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?	NUM
other What are the seven seas ?	LOC
count How many wings does a flea have ?	NUM
city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	LOC
manner How do I increase my biceps ' size ?	DESC
desc Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?	HUM
ind Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	HUM
substance What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?	ENTY
ind Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?	HUM
other What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?	LOC
manner How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?	DESC
def What is a phalanx ?	DESC
gr What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?	HUM
other Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?	LOC
ind Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?	HUM
other Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?	ENTY
other Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	LOC
ind Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?	HUM
other What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?	ENTY
other What was Einstein 's IQ ?	NUM
cremat What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?	ENTY
other Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	LOC
date What year did Hitler die ?	NUM
cremat Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
ind Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?	HUM
reason Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?	DESC
money How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?	NUM
gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	HUM
reason Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	DESC
country What country has the highest arson rate ?	LOC
ind What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?	HUM
other Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	LOC
event What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	ENTY
other What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?	LOC
desc Who was Red Grange ?	HUM
word What six words follow the line 	ENTY
other What is the principal river of Ireland ?	LOC
manner How does color affect a person psychologically ?	DESC
def What are hook worms ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	DESC
other Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?	LOC
ind What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?	HUM
manner How is saline used in medicine ?	DESC
animal What is a female rabbit called ?	ENTY
other Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	LOC
manner How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?	DESC
state What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?	LOC
gr Name a South African diamond producer ?	HUM
def What is an urban legend ?	DESC
sport What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?	ENTY
manner How can I get rich quick ?	DESC
desc Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?	HUM
other What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?	NUM
mount Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	LOC
manner How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?	DESC
city What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?	LOC
other What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	ENTY
other What are the largest deserts in the world ?	LOC
exp What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?	ABBR
period How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	NUM
date What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?	NUM
ind President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?	HUM
letter What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?	ENTY
city What city was President William McKinley shot in ?	LOC
dismed What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?	HUM
product What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?	ENTY
count How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?	NUM
food What was the food of the Greek gods called ?	ENTY
other What does a dipsomaniac crave ?	ENTY
gr What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?	HUM
cremat What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?	ENTY
count How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?	NUM
speed How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?	NUM
gr What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?	HUM
other Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?	LOC
date What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?	NUM
count How much in miles is a ten K run ?	NUM
other On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?	LOC
other Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?	LOC
substance What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?	HUM
other Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?	LOC
manner How do you make a computer chip ?	DESC
cremat What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?	ENTY
ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	NUM
def What is white chocolate ?	DESC
count How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?	NUM
ind What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	HUM
cremat What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
money What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	NUM
weight How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?	NUM
ind What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?	HUM
def What is software piracy ?	DESC
count How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?	NUM
ind Who is the Voyager project manager ?	HUM
country What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?	LOC
ind Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?	HUM
city What is the capital of Congo ?	LOC
other Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?	LOC
product What is the fastest computer ?	ENTY
count How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?	NUM
date When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?	NUM
country What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	LOC
other Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?	LOC
gr What organization has a Security Council ?	HUM
other What lake is Sheboygan on ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of clouds ?	ENTY
event What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?	ENTY
symbol What is the chemical formula for napalm ?	ENTY
date In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?	NUM
cremat What is the Jewish bible called ?	ENTY
def What was the Chivington Massacre ?	DESC
country What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?	LOC
termeq What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?	ENTY
ind What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	HUM
exp What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?	ABBR
other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?	LOC
other Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?	LOC
manner How successful is arometherapy ?	DESC
cremat Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''	ENTY
ind What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''	HUM
abb What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?	ABBR
color What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?	ENTY
def What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?	DESC
period How old is Stevie Wonder ?	NUM
animal What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	ENTY
reason Why are haunted houses popular ?	DESC
count How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?	NUM
cremat What did Thomas Paine write ?	ENTY
country What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?	LOC
date When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	NUM
ind Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	HUM
desc What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?	DESC
gr Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .	HUM
city What is the largest city in Texas ?	LOC
event What age followed the Bronze Age ?	ENTY
cremat What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?	ENTY
gr What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?	HUM
period How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?	NUM
ind What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?	HUM
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
desc Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	HUM
date What year did Charles Dicken die ?	NUM
ind Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?	HUM
cremat What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	ENTY
other What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	NUM
def What are dingoes ?	DESC
other What does a woman want ?	ENTY
state What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?	LOC
def What is usenet for the Internet ?	DESC
other Where are the Haversian canals ?	LOC
animal What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?	ENTY
country What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	LOC
gr What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?	HUM
mount What is the tallest mountain ?	LOC
def What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?	DESC
city What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?	LOC
ind In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?	HUM
desc Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?	HUM
city What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?	LOC
other In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?	ENTY
def What does seccession mean ?	DESC
def What is a plant supplement ?	DESC
gr Who made the rotary engine automobile ?	HUM
sport What game does Garry Kasparov play ?	ENTY
ind Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?	HUM
count How many cullions does a male have ?	NUM
date When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?	NUM
manner How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?	DESC
abb What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?	ABBR
count How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?	NUM
cremat What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	ENTY
country What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?	LOC
period What is the average time to kiss somene ?	NUM
termeq What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?	ENTY
cremat What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?	ENTY
other What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?	LOC
ind Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	HUM
other What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?	LOC
ind Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?	HUM
other What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?	LOC
other What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?	ENTY
ind What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	HUM
event What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?	ENTY
period How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?	NUM
substance What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?	ENTY
lang What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?	ENTY
termeq What 's a Craps player called ?	ENTY
money What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?	NUM
other Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	LOC
ind Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	HUM
desc What are the seven deadly sins ?	DESC
def What does caliente mean , in English ?	DESC
def What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?	DESC
ind Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
date Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?	NUM
other Where are good science sites on the Internet ?	LOC
other Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?	LOC
other What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	LOC
def What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?	DESC
techmeth What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?	ENTY
ind What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?	HUM
ind Who developed the first polio vaccine ?	HUM
cremat What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?	ENTY
substance What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?	ENTY
ind Who sought to create The Great Society ?	HUM
money What was the first minimum wage ?	NUM
count How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	NUM
ind What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?	HUM
ind Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	HUM
date When was the slinky invented ?	NUM
gr What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?	HUM
desc What do insects do through their spiracles ?	DESC
other Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	LOC
ind What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?	HUM
manner How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	DESC
count How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	NUM
gr What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	HUM
cremat What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?	ENTY
other Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	LOC
date What date is Boxing Day ?	NUM
date When did Thatcher become prime minister ?	NUM
manner How is Answers.com funded ?	DESC
def What is meant by blood SED rate ?	DESC
count How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?	NUM
ind Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	HUM
ind What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?	HUM
city What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?	LOC
country Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?	LOC
word What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?	ENTY
ind What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?	HUM
count How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?	NUM
animal What animal has killed the most people ?	ENTY
other What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	LOC
substance What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?	ENTY
def What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	DESC
other What is the longest river in the United States ?	LOC
cremat What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?	ENTY
animal What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
manner How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?	DESC
count How many calories are in a tomato ?	NUM
other What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?	ENTY
ind Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .	HUM
period How old was Gene Siskel ?	NUM
product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	ENTY
ind Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?	HUM
sport What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?	ENTY
substance What 's the world 's most common compound ?	ENTY
ind Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	HUM
other Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?	LOC
other Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	LOC
product Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''	ENTY
city What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	LOC
def What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?	DESC
ind Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .	HUM
country What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of music ?	DESC
ind Who is the Queen of Holland ?	HUM
ind Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?	HUM
def What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	DESC
def What is a courier ?	DESC
desc What do Mormons believe ?	DESC
word What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?	ENTY
currency What currency is used in Australia ?	ENTY
cremat What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
ind Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?	HUM
other What does an edentulous smile lack ?	ENTY
cremat What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?	ENTY
other What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?	ENTY
cremat What is the Jewish bible called ?	ENTY
other What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?	LOC
reason What causes headaches ?	DESC
techmeth What is the treatment for depression ?	ENTY
city What Japanese city was once called Edo ?	LOC
date When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	NUM
other What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?	LOC
def What is ethology ?	DESC
ind What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?	HUM
color What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?	ENTY
ind Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?	HUM
ind What actor and actress have made the most movies ?	HUM
period How old was Gene Siskel ?	NUM
ind What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?	HUM
date What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?	NUM
def What is humidity ?	DESC
def What is Toulmin logic ?	DESC
count How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	NUM
gr Who built the first pyramid ?	HUM
count How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	NUM
date What year did Hitler die ?	NUM
manner How did Bob Marley die ?	DESC
ind Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?	HUM
ind Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?	HUM
date When did beethoven die ?	NUM
weight Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	NUM
gr Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .	HUM
manner How do you make a million bucks ?	DESC
date What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?	NUM
date When was CNN 's first broadcast ?	NUM
cremat Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	ENTY
def What is the Socratic method ?	DESC
def What is the definition of spamming ?	DESC
other What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?	LOC
ind What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?	HUM
period How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	NUM
def What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	DESC
count How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	NUM
ind Who is the richest woman in the world ?	HUM
desc What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	DESC
def What is an Angelus ?	DESC
ind What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?	HUM
color What color is Chablis ?	ENTY
manner How does salt melt ice and snow ?	DESC
def What does Tiffany mean ?	DESC
other Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?	LOC
termeq What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said 	ENTY
date When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	NUM
reason What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?	DESC
other Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	ENTY
other What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?	NUM
ind What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?	HUM
country What country 's flag is field green ?	LOC
other What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?	ENTY
count How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?	NUM
gr What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?	HUM
food To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?	ENTY
other What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?	NUM
date When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?	NUM
count How many people live in Chile ?	NUM
manner How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?	DESC
date When was the Parthenon built ?	NUM
count How many lakes are there on the Earth ?	NUM
ind Who is the President of Pergament ?	HUM
reason Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	DESC
ind Who invented the fax machine ?	HUM
date What day is August 13 , 1971 ?	NUM
manner How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?	DESC
ind What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?	HUM
count How many small businesses are there in the United States ?	NUM
ind What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?	HUM
mount What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?	LOC
country What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?	LOC
other Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?	LOC
other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	NUM
other Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?	LOC
ind Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .	HUM
def Define Spumante .	DESC
ind Who does data collection in tourism ?	HUM
count How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?	NUM
ind What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?	HUM
sport What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	DESC
manner How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	DESC
lang Name a Gaelic language .	ENTY
other What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?	LOC
other What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?	LOC
ind Who declared 	HUM
other Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?	LOC
other Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?	LOC
title What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?	HUM
def What is hydroelectricity ?	DESC
desc What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?	DESC
food Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	ENTY
other In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?	LOC
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
count How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?	NUM
reason Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?	DESC
food What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	ENTY
other What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?	NUM
event What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?	ENTY
exp What does HIV stand for ?	ABBR
manner How is an executioner determined ?	DESC
food What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?	ENTY
ind What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?	HUM
ind Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?	HUM
reason Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?	DESC
count How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?	NUM
perc What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
ind What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?	HUM
date When did Nixon visit China ?	NUM
manner How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?	DESC
date When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?	NUM
other What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	ENTY
manner How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	DESC
desc What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?	DESC
ind Who found Hawaii ?	HUM
desc What are the living conditions in Cuba ?	DESC
reason Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	DESC
ind Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	HUM
def What is graduate school ?	DESC
count How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?	NUM
exp What does IOC stand for ?	ABBR
termeq What 's a Craps player called ?	ENTY
other What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	LOC
dist How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?	NUM
ind Who painted Mother and Child ?	HUM
mount What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	LOC
manner How does a bill become law ?	DESC
ind Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?	HUM
dismed What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?	ENTY
ind What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?	HUM
ind Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	HUM
other What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?	ENTY
date When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?	NUM
manner How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?	DESC
country What country is Kosovo a part of ?	LOC
ind Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?	HUM
count How many elephants are left on earth ?	NUM
ind Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?	HUM
def What is the definition of cecum ?	DESC
reason What function does a community 's water tower serve ?	DESC
country What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	LOC
manner How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?	DESC
substance What alloy do copper and tin form ?	ENTY
gr The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?	HUM
dismed What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?	ENTY
other What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?	LOC
symbol What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?	ENTY
count How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?	NUM
manner How can I get someone 's email address ?	DESC
event What were the trials called which followed World War II ?	ENTY
desc Who was Maria Theresa ?	HUM
gr What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?	HUM
ind Who won the Superbowl in ?	HUM
manner How do you stop junk snail mail ?	DESC
count How many small businesses are there in the U.S .	NUM
veh Name an American made motorcycle .	ENTY
other What format was VHS 's main competition ?	ENTY
ind Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?	HUM
exp What is the full name of the PLO ?	ABBR
money How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?	NUM
dist How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?	NUM
substance What is money made of ?	ENTY
ind Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	HUM
count How many member states are in the UN ?	NUM
country What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	LOC
exp What is AFS ?	ABBR
desc Where do chihuahuas come from ?	DESC
other What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	NUM
period On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?	NUM
ind What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?	HUM
cremat What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	ENTY
ind What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?	HUM
title What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?	HUM
country What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?	LOC
other Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?	ENTY
def What are the seven virtues ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of children ?	ENTY
def What is Megan 's law ?	DESC
volsize How big is Australia ?	NUM
date When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?	NUM
date When was the San Francisco fire ?	NUM
termeq What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	ENTY
food What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	ENTY
manner How is silk screening done ?	DESC
ind What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?	HUM
count How many milliseconds in a second ?	NUM
sport What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?	ENTY
dist How far can you see ?	NUM
termeq What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?	ENTY
count How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?	NUM
other What 's the longest river in Canada ?	LOC
reason Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of cold ?	ENTY
other What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	LOC
ind Who was the architect of Central Park ?	HUM
reason Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?	DESC
money How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?	NUM
country What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?	LOC
event What are some important events of the 1830 's ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of a Greek god ?	HUM
other What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	ENTY
other What county is Chicago in ?	LOC
ind Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?	HUM
other Where 's the Petrified Forest ?	LOC
count How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	NUM
ind Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?	HUM
date When did the Carolingian period begin ?	NUM
ind Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?	HUM
desc Who was Thucydides ?	HUM
reason What makes popcorn pop ?	DESC
other What are the components of polyester ?	ENTY
city What city 's airport is named Logan International ?	LOC
dismed Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?	ENTY
techmeth What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	ENTY
date When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?	NUM
country What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	LOC
state What U.S. state has the most blondes ?	LOC
reason What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?	DESC
date When was the Battle of Hastings ?	NUM
desc Who was William Henry Harrison ?	HUM
ind Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .	HUM
ind Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	HUM
ind What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?	HUM
count How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?	NUM
desc What happened to Moon Maiden ?	DESC
country What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	LOC
termeq What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?	ENTY
cremat What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?	ENTY
gr What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?	HUM
def What is a caldera ?	DESC
gr What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?	HUM
other What constitutes an adult ?	ENTY
other What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?	LOC
ind Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?	HUM
word What is another word for diet ?	ENTY
def What is a Jellicle Cat ?	DESC
other What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	ENTY
date When was `` the Great Depression '' ?	NUM
other What is the frequency of VHF ?	NUM
desc What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?	DESC
ind What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?	HUM
symbol What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?	ENTY
abb What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	ABBR
city What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?	LOC
food What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?	ENTY
dist How high is the city of Denver ?	NUM
food What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?	ENTY
food What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	ENTY
manner How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?	DESC
exp What does e.g. stand for ?	ABBR
date In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?	NUM
other What 's the longest river in Canada ?	LOC
ind What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?	HUM
termeq What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?	ENTY
city What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?	LOC
ind Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	HUM
count How many countries are there ?	NUM
manner How is the element strontium purified ?	DESC
other What are the wolverine habits ?	ENTY
gr Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	HUM
period How long does it take different materials to decompose ?	NUM
gr Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	HUM
other What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?	LOC
dist How deep is a fathom ?	NUM
termeq What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	ENTY
def What is habeas corpus ?	DESC
desc What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	DESC
ind Who wrote Brave New World ?	HUM
desc What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	DESC
other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
other What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?	ENTY
country What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?	LOC
ind What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?	HUM
manner How do I love thee ?	DESC
word What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?	ENTY
reason Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?	DESC
dist What is the world record for the longest hair ?	NUM
period How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?	NUM
count How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	NUM
desc Who is Samuel Pickering ?	HUM
count How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?	NUM
volsize How big is Australia ?	NUM
termeq How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?	ENTY
techmeth What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?	ENTY
cremat What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?	HUM
title What does Larry King do for a living ?	HUM
dismed What is the fear of frogs ?	ENTY
other What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	ENTY
ind Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	HUM
other What 's the longest river in the world ?	LOC
other Where did George of the Jungle live ?	LOC
reason What makes thunder ?	DESC
other What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?	LOC
reason Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?	DESC
termeq What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	ENTY
sport What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?	ENTY
ind Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?	HUM
count How many different countries export coffee ?	NUM
other What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	LOC
ind Who is the leader of India ?	HUM
ind Who wrote 	HUM
date When do you plant winter wheat ?	NUM
ind Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?	HUM
color What color is `` ash '' ?	ENTY
desc Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?	DESC
other What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?	LOC
reason Why are there olives in martinis ?	DESC
manner How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	DESC
ind Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
state What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?	LOC
country What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?	LOC
other Where is the group M People from ?	LOC
ind What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?	HUM
count How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
date When was China 's first nuclear test ?	NUM
ind What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	HUM
date When was the USSR dissolved ?	NUM
other What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?	ENTY
ind Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?	HUM
def What is film noir ?	DESC
animal What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	ENTY
other What do camels store in their humps ?	ENTY
other What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	ENTY
ind What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?	HUM
ind Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?	HUM
manner How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?	DESC
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
cremat What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?	ENTY
animal What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	ENTY
desc Who was Buffalo Bill ?	HUM
ind Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?	HUM
reason Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	DESC
country What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	LOC
color What color were their horses ?	ENTY
other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?	NUM
desc What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?	DESC
money How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?	NUM
color What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?	ENTY
other What was the alternate to VHS ?	ENTY
date When was the G7 group of nations formed ?	NUM
animal What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?	ENTY
date When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	NUM
def What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?	DESC
other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	NUM
cremat What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	ENTY
country What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?	LOC
ind Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?	HUM
other What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	LOC
product What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?	ENTY
cremat What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?	ENTY
mount What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?	LOC
other What is widely used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
ind What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?	HUM
ind Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	HUM
other What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?	ENTY
period What is the life span of the average monkey ?	NUM
country What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	LOC
country What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?	LOC
country What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?	LOC
animal What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?	ENTY
ind Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	HUM
ind Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	HUM
def What is the Amish religion ?	DESC
def What is hypnotherapy ?	DESC
country What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?	LOC
weight What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	NUM
lang What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?	DESC
count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	NUM
count How many trees go into paper making in a year ?	NUM
ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?	HUM
reason Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''	DESC
ind Who was the first American world chess champion ?	HUM
food What is the world 's best selling cookie ?	ENTY
exp What is DEET ?	ABBR
animal What animal migrates the farthest ?	ENTY
reason For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?	DESC
lang Name a Sioux language .	ENTY
def What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?	DESC
mount What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	LOC
date What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?	NUM
ind What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	HUM
reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?	DESC
count How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	NUM
country In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?	LOC
reason Why are haunted houses popular ?	DESC
def What are values ?	DESC
body Where is the human skin least sensitive ?	ENTY
animal What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?	ENTY
date When will the millennium officially begin ?	NUM
manner How successful is arometherapy ?	DESC
country What is the smallest country in Africa ?	LOC
desc What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?	DESC
other What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?	LOC
desc What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?	DESC
cremat What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?	ENTY
city What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?	LOC
cremat What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?	ENTY
count How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	NUM
food What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?	ENTY
sport What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?	ENTY
other What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	LOC
desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?	HUM
date In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?	DESC
cremat What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?	ENTY
other Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?	LOC
ind Who domesticated the wild turkey ?	HUM
period What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?	NUM
exp What does the word LASER mean ?	ABBR
country What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?	LOC
other In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?	LOC
other Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?	LOC
money How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?	NUM
other What determines the value of the pearl ?	ENTY
other What desert has the highest sand dunes ?	LOC
other What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?	LOC
exp In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?	ABBR
manner How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	DESC
ind What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	HUM
count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	NUM
food What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	ENTY
ind Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?	HUM
def What are the Poconos ?	DESC
ind Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?	HUM
ind Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .	HUM
ind What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	HUM
other What does Visine get out ?	ENTY
body What are the main blood vessels ?	ENTY
cremat What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?	ENTY
city What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	LOC
veh What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?	ENTY
gr What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?	HUM
cremat What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?	ENTY
city What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	LOC
sport What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?	ENTY
country What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	LOC
manner How do cameras take pictures ?	DESC
letter What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?	ENTY
other Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	LOC
ind CNN is owned by whom ?	HUM
ind Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?	HUM
def What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?	DESC
other What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?	ENTY
ind What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?	HUM
money What was the first minimum wage ?	NUM
ind What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	HUM
product What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	ENTY
gr What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?	HUM
ind What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?	HUM
gr Who made the first airplane that could fly ?	HUM
cremat What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?	ENTY
desc What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?	DESC
other Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	LOC
other What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	HUM
count How many small businesses are there in the U.S .	NUM
count How many varieties of twins are there ?	NUM
cremat What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?	ENTY
manner How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?	DESC
date When did the art of quilting begin ?	NUM
food What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?	ENTY
gr What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?	HUM
date When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?	NUM
country What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?	LOC
count How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	NUM
other Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	ENTY
animal What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?	ENTY
count How many people did Randy Craft murder ?	NUM
period How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?	NUM
other What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	ENTY
other Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?	LOC
ind Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?	HUM
ind Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?	HUM
termeq What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	ENTY
techmeth What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?	ENTY
ind Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	HUM
exp What does LOL mean ?	ABBR
desc What happened to Pompeii ?	DESC
def What exactly is radiation ?	DESC
ind What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?	HUM
count How many different types of skunks are there ?	NUM
date What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?	NUM
food What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?	ENTY
ind Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?	HUM
product What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?	ENTY
date When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	NUM
reason What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?	DESC
def What is recruitment interview technique ?	DESC
desc What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?	DESC
money How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?	NUM
other What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?	LOC
gr Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?	HUM
plant What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	ENTY
money What is the federal minimum wage ?	NUM
other What are the seven wonders of the world ?	ENTY
other What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?	LOC
ind Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?	HUM
def What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	DESC
def What are values ?	DESC
ind Who said 	HUM
desc What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?	DESC
cremat What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?	ENTY
count How much in miles is a ten K run ?	NUM
ind What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?	HUM
manner How can you be happy ?	DESC
dist How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	NUM
date In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?	NUM
other Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	LOC
event What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?	ENTY
def Hazmat stands for what ?	DESC
sport What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?	ENTY
city What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	LOC
ind Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	HUM
date In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	NUM
date When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?	NUM
manner How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?	DESC
veh Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?	ENTY
country What three European countries begin with the letter A ?	LOC
ind What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	HUM
dismed What does Salk vaccine prevent ?	ENTY
country What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?	LOC
gr Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	HUM
other What are the different types of plastic ?	ENTY
word What is the longest English word ?	ENTY
country What 's the most powerful country in the world ?	LOC
title What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?	HUM
date When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	NUM
other What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?	ENTY
def What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?	DESC
sport What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?	ENTY
gr What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	HUM
manner How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?	DESC
other What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?	ENTY
termeq What is Chiricahua the name of ?	ENTY
other Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?	LOC
termeq What is a 2-sided object called ?	ENTY
date When was the Big Thompson flood ?	NUM
ind Who is the prime minister in Norway ?	HUM
other Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?	LOC
period How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	NUM
desc What is the root of all evil ?	DESC
count How many astronauts have been on the moon ?	NUM
other Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?	LOC
other What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?	ENTY
count How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?	NUM
ind Who is the Queen of Holland ?	HUM
perc What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?	NUM
count How many four star generals were there and who are they ?	NUM
exp What does CPR stand for ?	ABBR
date When was Hurricane Hugo ?	NUM
ind What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?	HUM
substance What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?	ENTY
date The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?	NUM
ind What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?	HUM
def What is a geoscientist ?	DESC
animal What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?	ENTY
food What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	ENTY
ind Who created Big Ben ?	HUM
cremat What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	ENTY
date What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?	NUM
date When is President Nixon 's birthday ?	NUM
ind Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	HUM
ind Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	HUM
def What is the Bernoulli Principle ?	DESC
def What is a firewall ?	DESC
count How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?	NUM
ind Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?	HUM
ind What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?	HUM
def What is humidity ?	DESC
def What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	DESC
volsize How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	NUM
temp What is the temperature today ?	NUM
count How many oceans are there and name them ?	NUM
state What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?	LOC
city What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	LOC
ind Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
country What countries have the most auto thefts ?	LOC
def What is a cake of soap ?	DESC
ind What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?	HUM
other What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	LOC
other What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?	LOC
gr What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?	HUM
termeq What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?	ENTY
ind Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	HUM
other Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?	LOC
count How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?	NUM
techmeth What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?	ENTY
techmeth What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?	ENTY
manner How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?	DESC
def What are bear and bull markets ?	DESC
food Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?	ENTY
ind What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?	HUM
other Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?	LOC
cremat What tale has the moral 	ENTY
period How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	NUM
body What is the weakest bone in the body ?	ENTY
termeq What is Chiricahua the name of ?	ENTY
def What is the feudal system ?	DESC
other What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	ENTY
def What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	DESC
other What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?	ENTY
count How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?	NUM
event What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?	ENTY
instru Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?	ENTY
other What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?	LOC
cremat What movie has made the most money ?	ENTY
ind What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?	HUM
city What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	LOC
country What country has the highest arson rate ?	LOC
event What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?	ENTY
def What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?	DESC
ind Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?	HUM
period The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?	NUM
ind What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?	HUM
perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	NUM
ind What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	HUM
event What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
ind What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?	HUM
state What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	LOC
reason Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	DESC
count How many oceans are there and name them ?	NUM
gr What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?	HUM
manner How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?	DESC
food What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?	ENTY
ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?	HUM
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
ind Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?	HUM
country What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?	LOC
other What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	LOC
def What is prepared mustard ?	DESC
date When was the internal combustion engine developed ?	NUM
count How many different vegetation zones are there ?	NUM
ind Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?	HUM
product What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?	ENTY
other What is the most useful site on the Internet ?	LOC
cremat Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	ENTY
date When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	NUM
other In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	LOC
date When do you plant winter wheat ?	NUM
animal What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	ENTY
count How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	NUM
other What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?	LOC
reason What makes a clitoris sensitive ?	DESC
sport What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of clouds ?	ENTY
ind Who is the sexiest women in the world ?	HUM
other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	NUM
gr Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?	HUM
ind What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	HUM
ind What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?	HUM
date In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?	NUM
other What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?	ENTY
manner How do you throw a housewarming party ?	DESC
def What does Las Vegas mean ?	DESC
country Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?	LOC
ind What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?	HUM
other Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?	LOC
desc What happened to Answers.com ?	DESC
country What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	LOC
animal What is the fastest fish in the world ?	ENTY
country What are the three most populated countries in the world ?	LOC
animal What are the snakes of New England ?	ENTY
ind What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?	HUM
ind What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?	HUM
food What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?	HUM
ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	HUM
cremat What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	ENTY
veh What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?	ENTY
def What does Robert mean ?	DESC
count How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	NUM
other What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between college and graduate school ?	DESC
ind What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?	HUM
ind What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?	HUM
other Where did the name Daniel originate ?	LOC
other Where is Romania located ?	LOC
manner How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?	DESC
other Where did bocci originate ?	LOC
date What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?	NUM
ind Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?	HUM
cremat What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	ENTY
food What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?	ENTY
ind Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?	HUM
other Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?	LOC
def What are Fortune 500 companies ?	DESC
ind What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	HUM
other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	NUM
count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	NUM
ind What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	HUM
def What does N est-ce pas mean ?	DESC
other What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?	ENTY
termeq What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	ENTY
other Where are the 49 steps ?	LOC
other What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?	LOC
count How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	NUM
animal What 's an infant seal called ?	ENTY
ind Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?	HUM
color What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	ENTY
reason Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?	DESC
cremat What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?	ENTY
reason Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?	DESC
money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?	NUM
ind What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?	HUM
period How long do hermit crabs live ?	NUM
period How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?	NUM
gr What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?	HUM
count How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?	NUM
ind Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?	HUM
other What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	LOC
dist How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?	NUM
money What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?	NUM
other Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?	LOC
def What are tannins ?	DESC
other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	NUM
food What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	ENTY
count How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
def What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?	DESC
manner How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?	DESC
ind Who said 	HUM
cremat What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word , magic ?	DESC
period What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?	NUM
count How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?	NUM
ind What is the name of a Greek god ?	HUM
cremat What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?	ENTY
symbol What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of hazmat ?	DESC
other What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?	LOC
body What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	ENTY
other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
count How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?	NUM
gr What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?	HUM
count How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?	NUM
other What can one see in Reims ?	ENTY
manner How do you box train a cat ?	DESC
reason Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?	DESC
ind Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady 	HUM
perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	NUM
def What is a swatch ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of home surroundings ?	ENTY
def What is `` alternative '' anymore ?	DESC
date When did the Dow first reach ?	NUM
desc What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?	DESC
def What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	DESC
period What age is Benny Carter ?	NUM
desc What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?	DESC
animal What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	ENTY
ind Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?	HUM
manner How is Paraguay for vacations ?	DESC
event What are some important events of the 1830 's ?	ENTY
ind What character narrates Treasure Island ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of color ?	ENTY
ind Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?	HUM
date When was Microsoft established ?	NUM
sport What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?	ENTY
count How many milligrams are in a gram ?	NUM
veh Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	ENTY
period How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?	NUM
title What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?	HUM
animal What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?	ENTY
ind What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?	HUM
other What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?	LOC
termeq What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?	ENTY
cremat What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?	ENTY
count What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?	NUM
def What is ethology ?	DESC
ind Who killed JFK ?	HUM
termeq How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	ENTY
count How many quarters equal a pound ?	NUM
def What is lung cancer ?	DESC
ind Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?	HUM
ind Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?	HUM
ind Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?	HUM
def What is an arab strap ?	DESC
date When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?	NUM
ind Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?	HUM
termeq What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?	ENTY
ind Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?	HUM
ind Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?	HUM
ind Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?	HUM
instru What instrument does Benny Carter play ?	ENTY
def What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?	DESC
perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	NUM
word What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	ENTY
count How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?	NUM
termeq What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?	ENTY
reason Why can 't ostriches fly ?	DESC
reason Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?	DESC
def What are amicable numbers ?	DESC
def What is the Lost Colony ?	DESC
ind Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?	HUM
date When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	NUM
ind Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	HUM
city In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?	LOC
other What fossilizes to form coprolite ?	ENTY
ind What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of ruin ?	ENTY
dist How far is London UK from California ?	NUM
other What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	LOC
food What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?	ENTY
country What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?	LOC
ind What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?	HUM
other What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?	LOC
reason Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?	DESC
gr What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?	HUM
other Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?	LOC
ind Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?	HUM
event In what war was the first submarine used ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?	DESC
country What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?	LOC
other Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?	LOC
desc Who was Red Grange ?	HUM
techmeth In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?	ENTY
money How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?	NUM
other What is November 's birthstone ?	ENTY
other What did Tristan come back as ?	ENTY
ind What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?	HUM
other Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?	LOC
reason Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	DESC
ind Name Dick Tracy 's two children .	HUM
other What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 	ENTY
country What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?	LOC
ind Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	HUM
desc Where do rocks come from ?	DESC
letter What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	ENTY
ind Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	HUM
money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	NUM
ind Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?	HUM
def What is a cullion ?	DESC
animal Which came first , according to Genesis 1 	ENTY
exp What does G.M.T. stand for ?	ABBR
gr What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?	HUM
other Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?	LOC
ind What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?	HUM
dismed What is the fear of being loved ?	ENTY
other Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?	LOC
manner How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?	DESC
def What is a rhomboideus minor ?	DESC
ind Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .	HUM
country What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?	LOC
period How long does a human live ?	NUM
food What are all the different types of pizza ?	ENTY
def What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?	DESC
count How many web servers are there ?	NUM
desc What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?	DESC
city What 's the capital of Monaco ?	LOC
ind Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?	HUM
reason What causes rust ?	DESC
state What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?	LOC
desc What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?	DESC
dismed What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?	ENTY
manner How did the tradition of best man start ?	DESC
gr What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?	HUM
ind What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?	HUM
city In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?	LOC
dismed What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as 	ENTY
mount What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	LOC
ind Who was credited with saying 	HUM
other Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	LOC
animal What is the name given to a group of geese ?	ENTY
city What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?	LOC
food What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?	ENTY
other Where is the Taj Mahal ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of children ?	ENTY
manner How can I find out my Moon sign ?	DESC
def What does `` saute '' mean ?	DESC
other Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	ENTY
ind Who said 	HUM
state What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	LOC
cremat What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of sleep ?	ENTY
date When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?	NUM
city What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?	LOC
def What are Maid-Rites ?	DESC
food What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?	DESC
animal What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?	ENTY
ind Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	HUM
desc What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?	DESC
lang Name a Sioux language .	ENTY
ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	HUM
city What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?	LOC
def What is a biologist ?	DESC
manner How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	DESC
cremat What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?	ENTY
dist How deep is a fathom ?	NUM
desc Who was Lacan ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?	DESC
ind Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''	HUM
city What is the largest city in Connecticut ?	LOC
def What does Tiffany mean ?	DESC
ind What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?	HUM
gr What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	HUM
ind Who is the most sexy celebrity ?	HUM
ind What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?	HUM
state What state does Charles Robb represent ?	LOC
city The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?	LOC
ind Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .	HUM
other Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?	LOC
other Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	LOC
gr When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?	HUM
dismed What is the fear of cockroaches called ?	ENTY
count How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?	NUM
city In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?	LOC
substance What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?	ENTY
substance What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?	ENTY
def What is a leper ?	DESC
state What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	LOC
sport What are some good exercises for kids to do ?	ENTY
state What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	LOC
date When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?	NUM
other Which continent has the most roses ?	LOC
ind Who invented silly putty ?	HUM
manner How does an ion drive work ?	DESC
dist How far can a man travel in outer space ?	NUM
symbol What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?	ENTY
def What is deconstructionism ?	DESC
manner How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	DESC
ind Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	HUM
cremat Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?	ENTY
ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	NUM
desc What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?	DESC
other What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?	NUM
country What country has the port of Haifa ?	LOC
reason What causes panic attacks ?	DESC
ind Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	HUM
cremat What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?	ENTY
animal What animal has the biggest eyes ?	ENTY
event What was the worst hurricane ?	ENTY
manner How does a hurricane form ?	DESC
money What is the federal minimum wage ?	NUM
gr Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .	HUM
ind Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	HUM
ind Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?	HUM
def What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?	DESC
food What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?	ENTY
cremat What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?	ENTY
count How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?	NUM
count How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	NUM
sport What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?	ENTY
money What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?	NUM
event What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?	ENTY
ind Who is the Prophet of Medina ?	HUM
ind What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?	HUM
ind Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?	HUM
other Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	LOC
ind What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?	HUM
count How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?	NUM
other What is after death ?	ENTY
other What was Einstein 's birthplace ?	LOC
city What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?	LOC
count How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	NUM
cremat What songs were popular in 1948 ?	ENTY
other What is the population of Mexico ?	NUM
state What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?	LOC
other What tools do you use to crewel ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the stethoscope ?	HUM
other What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	LOC
count How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?	NUM
reason Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	DESC
cremat What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition 	ENTY
sport What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of parasites ?	ENTY
def What does camera-ready art mean ?	DESC
date When was the first flush toilet invented ?	NUM
ind What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?	HUM
date When did CNN go on the air ?	NUM
sport What sport is known for hooligans ?	ENTY
termeq What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?	ENTY
abb What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?	ABBR
ind Who first broke the sound barrier ?	HUM
manner How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	DESC
ind Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	HUM
manner How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .	DESC
money How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	NUM
desc Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?	DESC
ind Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	HUM
gr What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?	HUM
food Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?	ENTY
city The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of reptiles ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?	HUM
sport What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	ENTY
dismed What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	ENTY
date When was Hurricane Hugo ?	NUM
gr Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	HUM
def What is the largest variety of cactus ?	DESC
other What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?	ENTY
ind What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?	HUM
ind Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?	HUM
other What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?	NUM
termeq What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?	ENTY
ind Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?	HUM
desc What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	DESC
cremat What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	ENTY
other What killed Bob Marley ?	ENTY
city What city was President William McKinley shot in ?	LOC
gr What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?	HUM
abb What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?	ABBR
perc Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?	NUM
date What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?	NUM
ind What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?	HUM
ind What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?	HUM
food What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	ENTY
city What city 's airport is named Logan International ?	LOC
gr What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?	HUM
word What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?	ENTY
desc What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?	DESC
country What country is the largest diamond producer ?	LOC
other Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	LOC
ind What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?	DESC
dist How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?	NUM
ind Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	HUM
ind What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?	HUM
count How many web servers are there ?	NUM
ind What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	HUM
state What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?	LOC
gr What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	HUM
def What is pasta ?	DESC
manner How do chickens have baby chicks ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	DESC
reason What is the cause of endangered species ?	DESC
count How many watts make a kilowatt ?	NUM
ind Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	HUM
other Which of the five senses develops first ?	ENTY
def What is `` flintknapping '' ?	DESC
word What is the longest word in the English language ?	ENTY
other Where is the Danube ?	LOC
sport What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?	ENTY
animal What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?	ENTY
gr Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .	HUM
cremat What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	ENTY
country What nation boarders Mozambique ?	LOC
city What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?	LOC
count How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?	NUM
date What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?	NUM
other Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of cold ?	ENTY
ind Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?	HUM
reason What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?	DESC
ind Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	HUM
ind What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	HUM
cremat Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	ENTY
animal What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	ENTY
religion What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?	ENTY
manner How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?	DESC
count What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?	NUM
reason What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?	DESC
other Where are all European and American eels born ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of night or darkness ?	ENTY
date What date is Boxing Day ?	NUM
ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	HUM
food What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?	ENTY
animal Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	ENTY
count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	NUM
date When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?	NUM
manner How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?	DESC
cremat What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	ENTY
termeq What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?	ENTY
gr What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	HUM
desc What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?	DESC
termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?	ENTY
ind What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?	HUM
ind Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	HUM
ind What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?	HUM
termeq What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?	ENTY
ind What is a person called that likes fire ?	HUM
count How many people live in Tokyo ?	NUM
count How many countries watch MTV Europe ?	NUM
city What is California 's capital ?	LOC
def What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?	DESC
cremat What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?	ENTY
other Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?	LOC
def What is the half-life of P-32 ?	DESC
other What is the frequency of VHF ?	NUM
manner How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	DESC
mount What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?	LOC
def What is the definition of a witch ?	DESC
manner How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	DESC
substance What is glass made of ?	ENTY
perc What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?	NUM
def What is the meaning of the name Ella ?	DESC
city What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?	LOC
event What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?	ENTY
country What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?	LOC
date When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?	NUM
termeq What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?	ENTY
weight What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	NUM
ind Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	HUM
title What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?	HUM
other What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?	ENTY
sport What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?	ENTY
reason What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	DESC
other What is the population of Japan ?	NUM
termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?	ENTY
ind What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?	HUM
def What is narcolepsy ?	DESC
desc What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?	DESC
manner How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	DESC
other What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	LOC
other What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?	NUM
reason Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?	DESC
count How many days does a typical mayfly live ?	NUM
other Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	LOC
other What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?	ENTY
other What island is home to statues called Mauis ?	LOC
state What state is the Filenes store located in ?	LOC
substance What does saliva consist of ?	ENTY
manner How do you make dumplings ?	DESC
termeq What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?	ENTY
product Italy is the largest producer of what ?	ENTY
period How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?	NUM
cremat What did Thomas Paine write ?	ENTY
cremat What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	ENTY
count How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?	NUM
termeq What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?	ENTY
city What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?	DESC
city What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?	LOC
other What format was VHS 's main competition ?	ENTY
body What are the names of the different toes ?	ENTY
count How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?	NUM
manner How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	DESC
ind Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?	HUM
ind Who is the prime minister in Norway ?	HUM
word Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .	ENTY
ind Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?	DESC
ind Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	HUM
ind Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?	HUM
def What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?	DESC
other At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	ENTY
animal In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?	ENTY
gr What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	HUM
product What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?	ENTY
period How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?	NUM
other What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?	LOC
def What is cosmology ?	DESC
cremat What movie has made the most money ?	ENTY
other What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?	ENTY
cremat What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	ENTY
def What is object-oriented design ?	DESC
date When was Florida admitted into the Union ?	NUM
animal What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	ENTY
count How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
veh Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?	ENTY
date The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?	NUM
dist How far can a man travel in outer space ?	NUM
money What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?	DESC
count How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
other What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?	ENTY
ind Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?	HUM
other What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?	ENTY
manner How does hair curl ?	DESC
ind Who invented television ?	HUM
animal What animals can live the longest without food ?	ENTY
other Where do lobsters like to live ?	LOC
ind What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of hell ?	ENTY
gr Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?	HUM
other To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	ENTY
count How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?	NUM
manner How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?	DESC
count How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	NUM
date When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?	NUM
dismed What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?	ENTY
city What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?	LOC
other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?	LOC
city What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?	LOC
exp When reading classified ads , what does EENTY 	ABBR
manner How do you recognize anorexia ?	DESC
count How many people live in cities ?	NUM
ind What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?	HUM
manner How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?	HUM
ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	NUM
date When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?	NUM
ind What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?	HUM
ind Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?	HUM
other What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	LOC
def What is goulash ?	DESC
manner How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	DESC
state What two states is Washington D.C. between ?	LOC
perc What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of sinning ?	ENTY
reason What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	DESC
ind What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?	HUM
money How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?	NUM
city What city is served by McCarren Airport ?	LOC
cremat What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?	ENTY
manner How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?	DESC
other What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?	ENTY
manner How does psorisis disappear ?	DESC
cremat What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of pregnancy ?	ENTY
desc What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?	DESC
date What year did the Vietnam War end ?	NUM
ind What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	HUM
count Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
state What states do not have state income tax ?	LOC
dismed What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	ENTY
count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	NUM
animal Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?	ENTY
ind What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?	HUM
desc What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?	DESC
period How old is Benny Carter ?	NUM
other What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?	ENTY
date When was Nostradamus born ?	NUM
other In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	LOC
color In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?	ENTY
gr What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?	HUM
ind Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?	HUM
manner How can I stop or slow down aging ?	DESC
ind What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?	HUM
other Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?	LOC
def What is the Socratic method ?	DESC
food What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?	ENTY
ind What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?	HUM
ind What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?	HUM
ind Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?	HUM
def What is God ?	DESC
ind Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?	HUM
cremat What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?	ENTY
word What English word has the most letters ?	ENTY
other What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?	LOC
ind What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?	HUM
desc What is the root of all evil ?	DESC
other What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	LOC
gr Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	HUM
other What format was the major competition of VHS ?	ENTY
product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	ENTY
ind Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?	HUM
weight What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	NUM
cremat What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?	ENTY
cremat What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?	ENTY
reason What causes someone to be ticklish ?	DESC
ind What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?	HUM
date In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	NUM
def What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?	DESC
date When did swimming become commonplace ?	NUM
desc Describe the Long March .	DESC
country What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?	LOC
ind Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?	HUM
manner How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?	DESC
ind Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .	HUM
food What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?	ENTY
termeq What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?	ENTY
reason What makes sperm ?	DESC
date When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	NUM
reason Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?	DESC
other What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	LOC
count How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?	NUM
count A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?	NUM
def What is Win Rah ?	DESC
lang What are the two languages of Malta ?	ENTY
ind Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?	HUM
sport What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?	ENTY
reason What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	DESC
cremat What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?	ENTY
desc Who was Jinnah ?	HUM
def What is the definition of a witch ?	DESC
ind What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?	HUM
temp How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
other What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?	ENTY
other What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?	LOC
other Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?	LOC
period How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	NUM
manner How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	DESC
count How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?	NUM
def What is making love ?	DESC
city What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	LOC
ind Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?	HUM
other What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?	ENTY
perc What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?	NUM
ind Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?	HUM
ind Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?	HUM
other What is the longest river in the United States ?	LOC
money How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	NUM
cremat What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?	ENTY
count How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?	NUM
gr What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	HUM
ind Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?	HUM
ind Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	HUM
ind What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	HUM
other What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	LOC
reason Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	DESC
ind Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	HUM
other What London street is the home of British journalism ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?	DESC
other What does a farrier put shoes on ?	ENTY
other What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?	LOC
money By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?	NUM
cremat Jude Law acted in which film ?	ENTY
def What is a dangling participle ?	DESC
count How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?	NUM
def What is the definition of spamming ?	DESC
color What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	ENTY
ind What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''	HUM
temp What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
other When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?	LOC
manner How did the months of the year get there name ?	DESC
country What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?	LOC
other What meter did Shakespeare use in writing 	ENTY
other Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?	LOC
def What is a Cartesian Diver ?	DESC
ind What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?	HUM
other Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	LOC
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
desc What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''	DESC
date The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?	NUM
ind Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	HUM
date What is the date of Bastille Day ?	NUM
title What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	HUM
count How many people died in the Vietnam war ?	NUM
ind What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?	HUM
other What are the seven wonders of the world ?	ENTY
manner How do you use an intranet ?	DESC
ind What 's the most common surname in America ?	HUM
ind What baseball player was walked the most times ?	HUM
def What is Boston Kreme ?	DESC
other What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the name Igor ?	DESC
techmeth What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?	ENTY
country Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	LOC
country What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?	LOC
exp When reading classified ads , what does EENTY 	ABBR
country Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	LOC
ind Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?	HUM
cremat What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?	ENTY
desc What are the current immigration laws in US ?	DESC
other What is the oldest building in the United States ?	LOC
ind Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .	HUM
count How many horses are there on a polo team ?	NUM
food What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?	ENTY
animal What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?	DESC
mount What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?	LOC
def What does the term glory hole mean ?	DESC
exp What is IOC an abbreviation of ?	ABBR
ind Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	HUM
ind What king is satirized in the line 	HUM
other What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?	LOC
ind What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	HUM
reason What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?	DESC
count How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?	NUM
city What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?	LOC
event What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	ENTY
def What is Smartnet ?	DESC
manner How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?	DESC
animal What is California 's state bird ?	ENTY
cremat What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?	ENTY
period How old is the sun ?	NUM
ind Who won the first World Series ?	HUM
color What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	ENTY
mount What is the highest mountain in the world ?	LOC
ind Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?	HUM
city What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?	LOC
def What is thermal equilibrium ?	DESC
count In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?	NUM
count How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?	NUM
count How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	NUM
state What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?	LOC
ind What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?	HUM
ind What President once told Gene Autry 	HUM
other Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?	LOC
country What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?	LOC
ind What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	HUM
reason What causes rust ?	DESC
city What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?	LOC
ind Who is the richest woman in the world ?	HUM
def What is an aurora ?	DESC
ind Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .	HUM
manner How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?	DESC
veh Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?	ENTY
desc What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?	DESC
animal What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?	ENTY
other Where is South Bend ?	LOC
manner How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?	DESC
manner How does rabies spread ?	DESC
period How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?	NUM
reason Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	DESC
other Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	LOC
def What is a virtual IP address ?	DESC
cremat What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?	ENTY
gr What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?	HUM
ind What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?	HUM
gr What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between love and infatuation ?	DESC
termeq What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?	ENTY
food What do chefs call The Master Spice ?	ENTY
manner How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?	DESC
country What country is Kosovo a part of ?	LOC
manner How can I get rich quick ?	DESC
state What U.S. state has an element named for it ?	LOC
date When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?	NUM
date What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?	NUM
date What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?	NUM
country What nationality is a Sicilian ?	LOC
other Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?	LOC
cremat What is a film starring Jude Law ?	ENTY
ind Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''	DESC
cremat What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?	ENTY
other Where did Bill Gates go to college ?	LOC
title When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?	HUM
cremat What Shakespeare play opens with the line 	ENTY
cremat What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?	ENTY
date When was the Congress of Vienna ?	NUM
ind What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?	HUM
ind What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?	HUM
manner How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?	DESC
gr What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	HUM
cremat Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .	ENTY
count How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	NUM
count How many James Bond novels are there ?	NUM
other What is the population of Mexico ?	NUM
other Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?	LOC
ind Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	HUM
food What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?	ENTY
city What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	LOC
veh What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?	ENTY
ind Who created Harry Lime ?	HUM
date When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	NUM
speed How fast can a Corvette go ?	NUM
ind Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?	HUM
ind Who wrote The Collector ?	HUM
other What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of `` the toast '' ?	DESC
reason What is the function of RAM ?	DESC
def What is a firewall ?	DESC
manner How is saline used in medicine ?	DESC
animal Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?	ENTY
animal What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?	ENTY
other Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	LOC
perc What percentage of Americans own their homes ?	NUM
substance What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?	ENTY
state What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?	LOC
other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	LOC
def What is cosmology ?	DESC
ind What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?	HUM
title What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?	HUM
ind What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?	HUM
gr Who produces Spumante ?	HUM
substance What are super balls made of ?	ENTY
other What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?	ENTY
temp What is the temperature for cooking ?	NUM
date What year did the War of 1812 begin ?	NUM
date What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	NUM
animal What kind of animal is Babar ?	ENTY
other Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	LOC
food What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?	ENTY
date What time of year has the most air travel ?	NUM
other Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?	ENTY
ind Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?	HUM
reason Why do we have to go to school ?	DESC
other What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?	LOC
country What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?	LOC
ind What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?	HUM
count How many people live in the Falklands ?	NUM
date When was the NFL established ?	NUM
animal What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	ENTY
ind What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	HUM
def What is a phalanx ?	DESC
gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?	HUM
ind Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	HUM
ind Who were the Picts ?	HUM
other What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?	ENTY
ind Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?	HUM
def What is spaceball played on ?	DESC
state What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?	LOC
symbol What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?	ENTY
date What time of year has the most air travel ?	NUM
other What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	LOC
def What is sound ?	DESC
religion What two major world religions began in India ?	ENTY
reason Why are organ transplants more successful today ?	DESC
desc What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?	DESC
count How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?	NUM
exp What does NASDAQ stand for ?	ABBR
manner How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?	DESC
def What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?	DESC
techmeth What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	ENTY
desc Where did the name root beer come from ?	DESC
product What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	ENTY
count How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?	NUM
other Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	LOC
ind Who founded the Unification Church ?	HUM
count How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?	NUM
gr Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?	HUM
ind Who said 	HUM
other What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?	LOC
period How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	NUM
ind What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	HUM
reason Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?	DESC
ind Who is the founder of Scientology ?	HUM
ind What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?	HUM
ind Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	HUM
gr Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?	HUM
count How many neurons are in the human brain ?	NUM
other What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?	ENTY
exp What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	ABBR
ind Who owns the rights on a TV program ?	HUM
count How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?	NUM
ind Which two inventors invented Post-its ?	HUM
desc Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	DESC
desc What is the history of skateboarding ?	DESC
ind What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?	HUM
other What does the River Seine empty into ?	LOC
color What are Halloween 's colors ?	ENTY
desc Who was Jane Goodall ?	HUM
currency What type of currency is used in China ?	ENTY
manner How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	DESC
food When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?	ENTY
ind With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?	HUM
other What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	ENTY
ind Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	HUM
other What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	ENTY
cremat What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?	ENTY
mount Name the highest mountain .	LOC
def What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?	DESC
desc What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?	DESC
title What does Robin Williams do ?	HUM
ind What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?	HUM
exp What is the full name of the PLO ?	ABBR
date When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	NUM
plant What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?	ENTY
manner How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?	DESC
other Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?	LOC
reason What causes pneumonia ?	DESC
date What year was the ATM first introduced ?	NUM
other Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	LOC
cremat Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
ind Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?	HUM
other Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?	LOC
manner How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?	DESC
ind Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?	HUM
ind Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?	HUM
cremat What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?	ENTY
other What credit card features a centurion on its face ?	ENTY
sport What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	ENTY
date When was Beethoven born ?	NUM
reason What is the purpose of a car bra ?	DESC
ind What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?	HUM
ind What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?	HUM
reason What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	DESC
def What is a hyperlink ?	DESC
city What city is found in the city of OZ ?	LOC
reason What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?	DESC
veh What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?	DESC
other What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?	LOC
def What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?	DESC
sport What sport does Chris Jogis play ?	ENTY
manner How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?	DESC
ind Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?	HUM
ind Who founded the modern theory of probability ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?	DESC
other What is the population of Kansas ?	NUM
period At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	NUM
other Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	LOC
count How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	NUM
def What is being done about the millennium bug ?	DESC
reason What is the S&P 500 used for ?	DESC
count How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	NUM
country What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	LOC
manner What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?	DESC
plant What are some of Australia 's native flora ?	ENTY
other Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy	LOC
ind Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?	HUM
ind When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?	HUM
color What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?	ENTY
gr What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?	HUM
desc Who is Langston Hughes ?	HUM
cremat What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?	ENTY
count How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	NUM
period How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?	NUM
ind What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?	HUM
other What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?	LOC
animal What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?	ENTY
manner How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?	DESC
cremat What film was Jude Law in ?	ENTY
reason What causes canker sores in the mouth ?	DESC
gr What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	HUM
ind Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?	HUM
ind Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?	HUM
date What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?	NUM
desc What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	DESC
gr What is the best art and design school in the world ?	HUM
period How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?	NUM
ind Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	HUM
def What does the word affiant mean ?	DESC
other What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?	ENTY
date In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?	NUM
mount What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	LOC
ind Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?	HUM
desc Where does `` bovine '' come from ?	DESC
ind Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?	HUM
food What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?	ENTY
def What is being done about the millennium bug ?	DESC
dist How far out is the universe ?	NUM
def What is a pyrotechnic display ?	DESC
food What do flatfish eat ?	ENTY
mount What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?	LOC
other Where did the Mayan Indians live ?	LOC
state What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?	LOC
food What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?	ENTY
ind Who created the character of Scrooge ?	HUM
country What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?	LOC
gr What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?	HUM
other Where is the Kalahari desert ?	LOC
mount Where is the highest point in Japan ?	LOC
city What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?	LOC
other What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?	ENTY
ind What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	HUM
manner How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	DESC
other What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?	LOC
gr What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?	HUM
cremat What is the best-selling book of all time ?	ENTY
desc What 's the state motto of California ?	DESC
abb What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
count How many people in Tucson ?	NUM
ind What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?	HUM
perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	NUM
count How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?	NUM
gr What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''	HUM
other Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .	ENTY
manner How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?	DESC
count How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?	NUM
manner How do I start a bank ?	DESC
other Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	LOC
other What keeps clouds in the air ?	ENTY
other What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?	NUM
desc Who was Monet ?	HUM
food What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?	ENTY
plant What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?	ENTY
country What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?	LOC
manner How did the months of the year get there name ?	DESC
country What nationality is Gorbachev ?	LOC
period What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?	NUM
reason Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?	DESC
ind What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?	HUM
food What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?	ENTY
desc Who is William Wordsworth ?	HUM
other How large is Missouri 's population ?	NUM
desc What are the living conditions in Cuba ?	DESC
desc What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?	DESC
ind What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?	HUM
def What is digitalis ?	DESC
other Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .	ENTY
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
def What is tyvek ?	DESC
exp What does JESSICA mean ?	ABBR
code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	NUM
ind Name a female figure skater .	HUM
veh What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	ENTY
gr What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?	HUM
food What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?	ENTY
desc Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?	HUM
gr What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	HUM
other What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?	LOC
ind What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	HUM
ind Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?	HUM
ind Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?	HUM
ind Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1	HUM
country Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?	LOC
animal What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?	ENTY
gr What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	HUM
sport What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?	ENTY
product What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	ENTY
title What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	HUM
count How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?	NUM
ind Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
manner How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?	DESC
product What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?	ENTY
other Where did the world come from ?	LOC
product What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?	ENTY
ind What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?	HUM
other What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?	ENTY
def What is an auto-commentary ?	DESC
other What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?	ENTY
ind Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?	HUM
desc What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?	DESC
count How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?	NUM
ind Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?	HUM
other What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?	LOC
other What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	ENTY
other What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?	DESC
cremat What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?	ENTY
country What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?	LOC
desc What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?	DESC
substance What 's the second-lightest element ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?	HUM
gr What high school does Archie attend ?	HUM
termeq What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?	ENTY
dist How far can a human eye see ?	NUM
date When was the Berlin Wall erected ?	NUM
techmeth What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?	ENTY
dist How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?	NUM
exp What is HTML ?	ABBR
def What is the largest variety of cactus ?	DESC
ind Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	HUM
city What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?	LOC
other What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?	ENTY
manner How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	DESC
ind Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?	HUM
ind What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?	HUM
gr What civilization invented the arch ?	HUM
ind What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?	HUM
city What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?	LOC
ind Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?	HUM
ind What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?	HUM
period How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	NUM
other What was known as the Spice Island ?	LOC
other Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?	LOC
ind Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?	HUM
other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of food ?	ENTY
ind Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?	HUM
ind What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	HUM
ind What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	HUM
reason Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?	DESC
other What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	LOC
manner How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?	DESC
manner How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?	DESC
desc What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	DESC
ind What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?	HUM
volsize What is the size of Argentina ?	NUM
desc What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?	DESC
count How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?	NUM
substance What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?	ENTY
reason Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?	DESC
ind Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?	HUM
date What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?	NUM
country What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?	LOC
country What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?	LOC
ind Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?	HUM
gr What are the four railways in Monopoly ?	HUM
other What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?	ENTY
def What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?	DESC
abb What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?	ABBR
desc What is the difference between jazz and blues ?	DESC
ind Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?	HUM
count How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?	NUM
def What is the VDRL test of blood ?	DESC
def What is the half-life of P-32 ?	DESC
def What is a neurosurgeon ?	DESC
state What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?	LOC
termeq What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	ENTY
manner How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?	DESC
product What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	ENTY
gr What college did Joe Namath play football for ?	HUM
country What country 's capital is Lagos ?	LOC
other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	LOC
ind What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?	HUM
period How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?	NUM
color What three colors are on the French flag ?	ENTY
manner How do I contact answers.com ?	DESC
state What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?	LOC
other What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	NUM
def What is false consciousness ?	DESC
manner How do plants make food ?	DESC
def What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	DESC
reason Why do people get calluses ?	DESC
other Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?	LOC
cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?	ENTY
desc What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?	DESC
ind Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?	HUM
date When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?	NUM
ind Who was the last woman executed in England ?	HUM
def What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?	DESC
other Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?	LOC
other In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?	ENTY
state What states do not have state income tax ?	LOC
other How loud is thunder ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of sleep ?	ENTY
manner How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?	DESC
cremat What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	ENTY
event What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	ENTY
reason Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?	DESC
reason What caused the death of Bob Marley ?	DESC
gr Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	HUM
sport The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?	ENTY
weight How much does a poodle weigh ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of jealousy ?	ENTY
other Where did the Inuits live ?	LOC
def What does N est-ce pas mean ?	DESC
def What was the Chivington Massacre ?	DESC
ind Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?	HUM
def What is God ?	DESC
other Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?	LOC
color What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?	ENTY
def What does the name Calder mean ?	DESC
ind Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?	HUM
reason What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?	DESC
ind Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?	HUM
reason What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?	DESC
cremat What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?	LOC
reason Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?	DESC
ind What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?	HUM
def What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?	DESC
animal What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
reason What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?	DESC
ind What was Thatcher 's first name ?	HUM
city What city did the Flintstones live in ?	LOC
ind Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?	HUM
color What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?	ENTY
ind What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?	HUM
other What building are British monarchs crowned in ?	LOC
reason Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?	DESC
date What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?	NUM
ind What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?	HUM
count How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?	NUM
date When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?	NUM
food What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?	ENTY
ind Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?	HUM
ind Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?	HUM
def What is saltpeter ?	DESC
country What country will hit the year 2 first ?	LOC
country What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	LOC
count How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?	NUM
other Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?	LOC
count How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	NUM
date When did Thatcher become prime minister ?	NUM
other What format was the major competition of VHS ?	ENTY
desc What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?	DESC
def What is a tonne ?	DESC
other In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?	LOC
exp What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	ABBR
perc Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	NUM
def What is the Internet2 ?	DESC
desc What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?	DESC
def What is the Amish religion ?	DESC
cremat What was the first Sam Spade novel ?	ENTY
substance What is Jell-O made from ?	ENTY
country What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?	LOC
manner How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?	DESC
def What is a biologist ?	DESC
period What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?	NUM
event What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	ENTY
date When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	NUM
date When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	NUM
ind What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?	HUM
def What does the dot on the letter i mean ?	DESC
count How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?	NUM
ind What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?	HUM
count How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	NUM
volsize How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	NUM
ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	NUM
cremat What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?	ENTY
state What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?	LOC
gr What are the four railways in Monopoly ?	HUM
other What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?	LOC
date The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?	NUM
count How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?	NUM
desc Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of hair ?	ENTY
reason What is the cause of endangered species ?	DESC
reason What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?	DESC
other Where is Glasgow ?	LOC
desc What does an echidna look like ?	DESC
count How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?	NUM
money How much does the President get paid ?	NUM
other What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?	NUM
manner How is bubble wrap made ?	DESC
count How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	NUM
ind The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?	HUM
reason Why is Chicago named Chicago ?	DESC
other Where is Santa Lucia ?	LOC
gr In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?	HUM
other What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?	ENTY
other What are some good medical sites for information ?	LOC
def What is a rhomboideus minor ?	DESC
ind Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 	HUM
termeq What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	ENTY
dismed What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?	ENTY
ind Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	HUM
ind What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?	HUM
other Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?	LOC
reason Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?	DESC
desc What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?	DESC
ind Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1	HUM
def What does the name Gina mean ?	DESC
animal What 's an infant seal called ?	ENTY
count How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?	NUM
word What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	ENTY
other Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	LOC
dismed What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?	ENTY
sport What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?	ENTY
def What is color ?	DESC
country What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?	LOC
ind Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?	HUM
desc Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	DESC
def What are the alveoli ?	DESC
desc What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?	DESC
other What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?	ENTY
count How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	NUM
dist How tall is the Matterhorn ?	NUM
def What is goldenseal ?	DESC
product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	ENTY
date When did Jaco Pastorius die ?	NUM
other What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?	LOC
state What state has the most Indians ?	LOC
def What is measured in curies ?	DESC
cremat What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of weakness ?	ENTY
other What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	LOC
other What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?	HUM
termeq The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?	ENTY
def What does hazmat stand for ?	DESC
count How many different vegetation zones are there ?	NUM
gr What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?	HUM
manner How do you make the color purple ?	DESC
gr What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	HUM
cremat What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	ENTY
ind What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of strong light ?	ENTY
food What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?	ENTY
termeq What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?	ENTY
count How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?	NUM
count How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	NUM
other On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?	LOC
def What is e-commerce ?	DESC
other What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?	LOC
def What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?	DESC
reason Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?	DESC
def What is a transistor ?	DESC
event What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?	ENTY
def What is an aurora ?	DESC
abb What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	NUM
food What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?	LOC
reason Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?	DESC
ind Who invented the toothbrush ?	HUM
exp What is HDLC ?	ABBR
manner How is the element strontium purified ?	DESC
ind What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?	HUM
country What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?	LOC
animal What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	ENTY
mount What is the highest mountain in the world ?	LOC
manner How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?	DESC
ind Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?	HUM
ind What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	HUM
manner How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?	DESC
country What countries earn the most from tourism ?	LOC
def What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?	DESC
ind Who made Stonehenge ?	HUM
gr What is the first personal computer company ?	HUM
count How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	NUM
other What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?	LOC
def What does the name Kelly mean ?	DESC
other What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?	LOC
def What is witch hazel ?	DESC
ind Who invented the game Scrabble ?	HUM
other Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?	LOC
cremat What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?	ENTY
date When was Babe Ruth born ?	NUM
manner How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	DESC
ind Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .	HUM
ind Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?	HUM
exp What is RCD ?	ABBR
other What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	ENTY
cremat What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?	ENTY
cremat What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?	ENTY
reason Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?	DESC
city What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?	LOC
food What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?	ENTY
city What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?	LOC
def What was an `` Asiento '' ?	DESC
count How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	NUM
gr What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?	HUM
animal What are birds descendents of ?	ENTY
perc What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	NUM
veh What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?	ENTY
count How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	NUM
other What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	LOC
food What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?	DESC
other Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?	LOC
def What is federal income tax ?	DESC
ind What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?	HUM
def What are the Twin Cities ?	DESC
date In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?	NUM
other What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?	ENTY
substance What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	ENTY
word What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?	ENTY
ind Who was the tallest U.S. president ?	HUM
ind Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .	HUM
ind Who is the leader of Brunei ?	HUM
ind Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?	HUM
def What is a virtual IP address ?	DESC
city What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?	LOC
manner How do telephones work ?	DESC
country What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	LOC
food What snack food has ridges ?	ENTY
gr What government department did The Untouchables work for ?	HUM
manner How can I get started in writing for television ?	DESC
event What are the ages in comic book lingo ?	ENTY
volsize How big is a baby bald eagle ?	NUM
manner How do I increase my biceps ' size ?	DESC
other What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?	ENTY
country What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?	LOC
def What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?	DESC
count How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	NUM
other Where is Kings Canyon ?	LOC
money What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?	NUM
other Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?	LOC
ind Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?	HUM
ind What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?	HUM
def What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	DESC
animal Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	ENTY
def What is witch hazel ?	DESC
other What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?	LOC
sport What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?	ENTY
def What is power steering ?	DESC
manner How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?	DESC
ind What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?	HUM
animal What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?	ENTY
volsize How big is the largest diamond ?	NUM
manner How do you identify prime numbers ?	DESC
desc Who is Dear Abby ?	HUM
desc What was the V-8 Juice slogan 	DESC
def What is Greek pita ?	DESC
gr What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	HUM
date When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	NUM
other Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?	LOC
other What did Abolitionists try to end ?	ENTY
city What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	LOC
other Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	LOC
gr Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	HUM
count How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?	NUM
period How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	NUM
cremat What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?	ENTY
manner How is digital audio used ?	DESC
gr What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?	HUM
desc Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	DESC
def What is La Nina ?	DESC
other What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?	LOC
manner How do birds have sex ?	DESC
def What does the word `` opera '' mean ?	DESC
def What is a philanthropist ?	DESC
def What is a stratocaster ?	DESC
ind Who was the first man to return to space ?	HUM
count How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?	NUM
def What is a heuristic ?	DESC
count How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?	NUM
def What is amezaiku ?	DESC
date In what year was the Wall built ?	NUM
date When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?	NUM
city What city is served by McCarren Airport ?	LOC
techmeth What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	ENTY
ind Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .	HUM
ind Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	HUM
def What are perfect tenses ?	DESC
city What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?	LOC
other Where 's the GUM department store ?	LOC
reason Why does a candle need a wick ?	DESC
ind What actor and actress have made the most movies ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?	DESC
ind What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?	HUM
ind Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	HUM
ind Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?	HUM
other Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?	LOC
ind Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?	HUM
city What is the capital of California ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of worms ?	ENTY
cremat What book did Aaron Hass write ?	ENTY
termeq What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	ENTY
desc Who is Zebulon Pike ?	HUM
reason What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?	DESC
abb What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	ABBR
count How many countries watch MTV Europe ?	NUM
gr What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	HUM
count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	NUM
def What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?	DESC
other What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?	LOC
def What is Tetrinet ?	DESC
ind Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?	HUM
manner How you can raise your IQ ?	DESC
ind Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	DESC
ind Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	HUM
def What is `` bloodhound '' ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	DESC
other What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	ENTY
def What is hebephrenia ?	DESC
money What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?	NUM
animal What is the largest snake in the world ?	ENTY
count How many sides does an obelisk have ?	NUM
ind What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?	HUM
manner How do you make the color purple ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between hair and fur ?	DESC
ind What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?	HUM
gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	HUM
def What does the name Jenna mean ?	DESC
symbol What playing card symbolizes death ?	ENTY
date What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?	NUM
dismed What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?	ENTY
word What English word contains the most letters ?	ENTY
animal What type is a snail ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?	ENTY
def What is magnetar ?	DESC
count How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?	NUM
cremat What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?	ENTY
manner How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?	DESC
ind What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	HUM
def What does seccession mean ?	DESC
other What 's the population of Mississippi ?	NUM
dismed What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?	ENTY
manner How do ants have sex ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?	DESC
ind Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	HUM
cremat What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?	ENTY
product What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?	ENTY
ind Who made the first gas engine ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?	DESC
ind Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	HUM
period How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	NUM
other What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?	LOC
def What is Java ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of gravity ?	ENTY
desc Who was Thucydides ?	HUM
product What toy can you make sleep ?	ENTY
weight What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?	NUM
count About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
veh On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?	ENTY
country What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	LOC
country What country did the Nile River originate in ?	LOC
other What meter did Shakespeare use in writing 	ENTY
dismed Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?	ENTY
cremat Jude Law was in what movie ?	ENTY
cremat What are the first ten amendements passed ?	ENTY
animal What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?	ENTY
veh What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?	ENTY
ind What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	HUM
food What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	ENTY
def What is the Internet2 ?	DESC
symbol What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?	ENTY
ind What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?	HUM
other What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?	LOC
other What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?	LOC
manner How do I do this ?	DESC
ind What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?	HUM
money How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?	NUM
desc Who is Count Cinzano ?	HUM
def What is a green bog ?	DESC
other What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?	LOC
count How many endangered species are there in the world ?	NUM
desc Who is Charles Lindbergh ?	HUM
animal What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?	ENTY
money How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	NUM
date When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?	NUM
other What did Vasco da Gama discover ?	ENTY
count How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	NUM
desc What happens to used motor oil ?	DESC
cremat What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?	ENTY
exp What is RCD ?	ABBR
desc What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?	DESC
other What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?	ENTY
cremat What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?	ENTY
count How many types of cheese are there in France ?	NUM
count How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?	NUM
other What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?	LOC
animal What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?	ENTY
ind Who created Dennis the Menace ?	HUM
manner How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	DESC
manner How is plastic made ?	DESC
cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?	HUM
manner How can I get started in writing for television ?	DESC
other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of motion ?	ENTY
ind What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?	HUM
food What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	ENTY
cremat What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	ENTY
animal What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	ENTY
other What is the population of the United States ?	NUM
gr Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	HUM
ind What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?	HUM
ind Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?	HUM
plant What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?	ENTY
city What European city do Nicois live in ?	LOC
other Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	LOC
other Where was Tesla born ?	LOC
ind Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?	HUM
count How many people did Randy Craft murder ?	NUM
country What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?	LOC
def What is a turnkey contract ?	DESC
def What are manifest and latent function theories ?	DESC
manner How do Ouija Boards work ?	DESC
reason What causes asthma ?	DESC
mount What is New England 's highest mountain ?	LOC
period What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?	NUM
substance What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	ENTY
date When did Nixon die ?	NUM
ind What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?	HUM
count How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	NUM
manner How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?	DESC
reason What causes panic attacks ?	DESC
country What country 's capital is Tirana ?	LOC
ind What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
state What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?	LOC
def What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?	DESC
symbol What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?	ENTY
count How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?	NUM
state What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of passing high objects ?	ENTY
cremat What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?	ENTY
money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	NUM
other What does a farrier put shoes on ?	ENTY
letter What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?	ENTY
date What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?	NUM
desc What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?	DESC
def What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	DESC
ind What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?	HUM
ind What is a person called that likes fire ?	HUM
reason Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?	DESC
ind Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
other Where is Inoco based ?	LOC
desc What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?	DESC
product What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	ENTY
period What is the life span of the average monkey ?	NUM
manner How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?	DESC
gr What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?	HUM
other What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?	ENTY
other Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?	LOC
other What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?	LOC
volsize How big is a quart ?	NUM
ind What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?	HUM
count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	NUM
ind What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?	HUM
substance What fuel do airplanes use ?	ENTY
animal What animal has the best hearing ?	ENTY
other Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	ENTY
manner How do I get another city 's newspaper ?	DESC
def What is `` the washed vodka '' ?	DESC
ind What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?	HUM
manner How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?	DESC
def What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?	DESC
gr What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''	HUM
gr What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?	HUM
title When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?	HUM
event What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?	ENTY
date Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?	NUM
mount What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?	DESC
def What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	DESC
instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	ENTY
ind What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?	HUM
body What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	ENTY
ind Who developed the first polio vaccine ?	HUM
count How many milligrams are in a gram ?	NUM
manner How can you become an FBI agent ?	DESC
city What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	LOC
def What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	DESC
manner How did water appear on the earth ?	DESC
other Where is Ocho Rios ?	LOC
def What is a hydrogen bond ?	DESC
reason Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?	DESC
other What river runs through Liverpool ?	LOC
date When was Christ born ?	NUM
reason Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?	DESC
gr What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?	HUM
other Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	LOC
desc Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?	HUM
ind What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	HUM
money How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?	NUM
desc What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?	DESC
manner How do you tell somebody you like them ?	DESC
period How long does a dog sleep ?	NUM
ind Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?	HUM
termeq What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?	ENTY
dist What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?	NUM
def What are pomegranates ?	DESC
manner How did Socrates die ?	DESC
termeq What do the Japanese call Japan ?	ENTY
ind Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	HUM
count How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?	NUM
def What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?	DESC
animal What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?	ENTY
abb What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
desc What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?	DESC
event What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?	ENTY
termeq What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?	ENTY
termeq Aspartame is known by what other name ?	ENTY
desc What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	DESC
date What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?	NUM
product Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	ENTY
gr What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?	HUM
count How many people died on D-Day ?	NUM
ind Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?	HUM
ind What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?	HUM
ind Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?	HUM
ind What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?	HUM
ind What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?	HUM
termeq What is a synonym for aspartame ?	ENTY
reason How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	DESC
speed How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?	NUM
period How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	NUM
def What are Bellworts ?	DESC
food What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?	ENTY
reason What were the causes of the Civil War ?	DESC
ind What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?	HUM
other What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?	LOC
sport What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	ENTY
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
other What was Einstein 's birthplace ?	LOC
manner How do clouds form ?	DESC
substance What did the ancients call the four great elements ?	ENTY
gr What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	HUM
other What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?	ENTY
other Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?	LOC
perc What percentage of Americans own their homes ?	NUM
country What countries have the most auto thefts ?	LOC
ind Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	HUM
date When was the Battle of Hastings ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of head lice ?	DESC
other Where is Mozambique located ?	LOC
ind What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''	HUM
desc Who is Dear Abby ?	HUM
ind Who shot Billy the Kid ?	HUM
other What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?	ENTY
country What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?	LOC
volsize What is the size of the largest akita ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?	DESC
ind What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?	HUM
animal What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?	ENTY
gr What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	HUM
desc What will happen when sodium is put in water ?	DESC
count How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	NUM
other What is website of the International Court of Justice ?	LOC
word What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?	ENTY
ind What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?	HUM
period How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	NUM
cremat What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of punishment ?	ENTY
animal What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote The Godfather ?	HUM
country In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?	LOC
period What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?	NUM
other What does 7847+5943 equal ?	NUM
reason What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?	DESC
def What was archy , and mehitabel ?	DESC
date CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?	NUM
desc What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	DESC
sport What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?	ENTY
date When was Christ born ?	NUM
gr What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?	HUM
other What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?	ENTY
gr What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?	HUM
other What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 	ENTY
manner How did Rocky Marciano die ?	DESC
perc What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?	NUM
lang What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?	ENTY
country What country lies directly south of Detroit ?	LOC
dismed What is the most common cancer ?	ENTY
ind What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of being cold ?	ENTY
manner How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?	DESC
date When was the Congress of Vienna ?	NUM
mount What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?	LOC
ind What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?	HUM
desc What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?	DESC
sport What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?	ENTY
other Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?	LOC
desc What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	DESC
manner How you can raise your IQ ?	DESC
ind What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?	HUM
count What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?	NUM
dismed What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	ENTY
manner How can you tell when figs are ripe ?	DESC
ind Who made Stonehenge ?	HUM
event What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?	ENTY
cremat What Shakespeare play opens with the line 	ENTY
reason For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?	DESC
food What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?	ENTY
reason In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?	DESC
count How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?	NUM
ind Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?	HUM
food What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?	ENTY
ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	NUM
manner How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?	DESC
count How many websites are there in the world ?	NUM
money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	NUM
date When is the Thai New Year ?	NUM
manner How did Rocky Marciano die ?	DESC
color What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?	ENTY
count How many chemical elements are there ?	NUM
ind What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?	HUM
desc In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	DESC
money What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?	NUM
city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	LOC
sport What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?	ENTY
cremat What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?	ENTY
desc What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?	DESC
count How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	NUM
body Which ear can most people hear better with ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?	HUM
reason For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?	DESC
ind Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?	HUM
manner How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?	DESC
def What is a glory hole ?	DESC
count How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	NUM
date What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?	NUM
def What is limbo ?	DESC
event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	ENTY
def What is Srpska Krajina ?	DESC
def What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?	DESC
count How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?	NUM
other What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?	LOC
manner How did Socrates die ?	DESC
ind What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	HUM
veh On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?	ENTY
country Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''	LOC
reason What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?	DESC
other Where is the biggest bell ?	LOC
count How many acres in a mile ?	NUM
manner How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?	DESC
other Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?	LOC
count How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
gr What is a society ruled by elders ?	HUM
ind What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?	HUM
count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	NUM
color What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	DESC
gr Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of money ?	ENTY
def What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	DESC
ind Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?	HUM
food What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?	ENTY
other What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	ENTY
def What is a urologist ?	DESC
def Define Sinn Fein .	DESC
event What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between hair and fur ?	DESC
desc What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?	DESC
def What does the word `` meta '' mean ?	DESC
country What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	LOC
ind Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?	HUM
money What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?	NUM
ind Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	HUM
count How many years do fossils take to form ?	NUM
def What is a wop ?	DESC
cremat What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?	ENTY
date In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?	NUM
termeq What do you call a book of quotes ?	ENTY
other What are the world 's four oceans ?	LOC
money What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?	NUM
ind Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	HUM
period How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?	NUM
other What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?	LOC
ind Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .	HUM
desc What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?	DESC
other Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?	LOC
count How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?	NUM
city What is the largest city in Germany ?	LOC
animal What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?	DESC
count How many varieties of apple are there ?	NUM
animal What animal migrates the farthest ?	ENTY
ind What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?	HUM
manner How do movie blues screens work ?	DESC
other Which is the best opening move in chess ?	ENTY
ind Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?	HUM
other Where does Mother Angelica live ?	LOC
manner How do I find a snowboarding website ?	DESC
ind What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	HUM
count How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	NUM
def What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?	DESC
def What is endometriosis ?	DESC
food What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?	ENTY
def What does the name Kelly mean ?	DESC
desc What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	DESC
other What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?	ENTY
ind Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	HUM
ind Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	HUM
desc What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?	DESC
def What is deadrise , nautical , ?	DESC
period How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	NUM
ind Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	HUM
other Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?	LOC
def What is `` the washed vodka '' ?	DESC
reason Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?	DESC
sport What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?	ENTY
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
dist How far can you see ?	NUM
food What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?	ENTY
ind What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?	HUM
other What is the tallest building in Japan ?	LOC
ind Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?	HUM
ind Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?	HUM
ind Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	HUM
other Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?	LOC
mount What is the world 's highest peak ?	LOC
other Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?	LOC
animal What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	ENTY
ind What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?	HUM
manner How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?	DESC
other What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?	LOC
product What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	ENTY
count How many people in the world speak French ?	NUM
desc What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?	DESC
manner How does a copier work ?	DESC
city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	LOC
country What country in Latin America is the largest one ?	LOC
ind Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?	HUM
ind Who created Dennis the Menace ?	HUM
def What is barnstorming ?	DESC
animal What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?	ENTY
abb What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
ind Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	HUM
def What does the donation process entail ?	DESC
money Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?	NUM
count How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	NUM
count What is the population of the largest Chilean city	NUM
cremat On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	ENTY
city What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?	LOC
ind Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	HUM
desc Who is Robin Williams ?	HUM
lang What 's the official language of Algeria ?	ENTY
ind Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	HUM
desc What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	DESC
count How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?	NUM
other What building are British monarchs crowned in ?	LOC
ind What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?	HUM
cremat What book opens 	ENTY
count What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?	NUM
ind Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	HUM
city What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?	LOC
desc What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	DESC
ind What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?	HUM
desc What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	DESC
other What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?	ENTY
country What are the five richest countries in the world ?	LOC
manner How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	DESC
city McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	LOC
ind Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	HUM
cremat What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?	ENTY
desc Who is Peter Weir ?	HUM
cremat What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?	ENTY
city What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?	LOC
desc What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	DESC
other What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?	ENTY
gr What is a society ruled by elders ?	HUM
count How many sides does a heptagon have ?	NUM
def What does palindromic mean ?	DESC
reason From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	DESC
other What desert has the highest sand dunes ?	LOC
food What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?	ENTY
reason Why is Jane Goodall famous ?	DESC
reason What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?	DESC
ind Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?	HUM
ind What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?	HUM
def What does the name Melissa mean ?	DESC
termeq What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?	ENTY
def What 's the meaning of UOL ?	DESC
desc What effect does a prism have on light ?	DESC
ind What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?	HUM
count How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	NUM
gr What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?	HUM
termeq What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?	ENTY
gr What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	HUM
cremat What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?	ENTY
veh What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	ENTY
manner How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?	DESC
animal What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?	ENTY
dismed What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?	ENTY
other Where is Inoco based ?	LOC
perc What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?	NUM
desc What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	DESC
money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	NUM
city What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?	LOC
perc What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
ind Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	HUM
period How long does cocaine stay in your system ?	NUM
sport What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?	ENTY
date In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?	NUM
other What is the largest lake in North America ?	LOC
ind What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?	HUM
manner How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?	DESC
city What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?	LOC
ind Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?	HUM
word What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?	ENTY
manner How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	DESC
date When did Nixon visit China ?	NUM
other What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	ENTY
ind Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?	HUM
termeq What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?	ENTY
title What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?	HUM
other Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?	LOC
ind Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?	HUM
ind Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	HUM
other What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?	HUM
def What is the `` Global Economy '' ?	DESC
ind What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	HUM
termeq What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?	ENTY
def What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?	DESC
other Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?	LOC
word What is the collective noun for geese ?	ENTY
ind Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?	HUM
animal What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?	ENTY
other What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	ENTY
count How many referees work a soccer game ?	NUM
desc What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?	DESC
food What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?	ENTY
date When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?	NUM
other Where is Amsterdam ?	LOC
other What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .	ENTY
other Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	LOC
other What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?	ENTY
city What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	LOC
state In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?	LOC
date What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?	NUM
food What spice do chefs pay the most for ?	ENTY
def What is color ?	DESC
city Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	LOC
animal What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?	ENTY
ind Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?	HUM
ind Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	HUM
exp What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?	ABBR
desc What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?	DESC
state What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?	LOC
def What is moxie ?	DESC
def What are boxcars ?	DESC
other What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?	ENTY
gr Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?	HUM
letter What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?	ENTY
gr What was called the world 's largest department store ?	HUM
ind What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?	HUM
reason Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?	DESC
color What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?	ENTY
manner How was the Kennedy money made ?	DESC
gr What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?	HUM
color What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?	ENTY
desc Who is William Wordsworth ?	HUM
money What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?	NUM
period How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?	NUM
gr What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	HUM
desc Who was Santos-Dumont ?	HUM
ind Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	HUM
country What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?	LOC
other What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	ENTY
ind What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
manner How does psorisis disappear ?	DESC
food What foods contain the most protein ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?	DESC
manner How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	DESC
ind What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?	HUM
count How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?	NUM
country In what country is Lund ?	LOC
gr What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?	HUM
def What is dew point ?	DESC
other What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?	LOC
lang What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?	ENTY
count How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?	NUM
ind Who asked the musical question 	HUM
ind Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?	HUM
def What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of Boxing Day ?	DESC
desc Who is Nicolo Paganini ?	HUM
reason Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?	DESC
desc What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?	DESC
ind Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?	HUM
techmeth What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	ENTY
manner How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?	DESC
count How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?	NUM
ind What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?	HUM
other Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?	LOC
other Where is Natick ?	LOC
def What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?	DESC
count How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?	NUM
weight What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?	NUM
desc What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?	DESC
ind Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?	HUM
def What is an annotated bibliography ?	DESC
religion What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?	ENTY
def What is goldenseal ?	DESC
animal What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?	ENTY
other Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	LOC
techmeth What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?	ENTY
ind Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?	HUM
country What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	LOC
state What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	LOC
lang What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	ENTY
other Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?	LOC
food What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?	ENTY
city What is the most populated city in the world ?	LOC
manner How does salt melt ice and snow ?	DESC
color What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?	ENTY
desc What does an echidna look like ?	DESC
count How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?	NUM
ind Who is the worst US President ever ?	HUM
ind Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?	HUM
def What is a hormone ?	DESC
ind Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?	HUM
substance What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?	ENTY
def What is diabetes ?	DESC
ind Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of infinity ?	DESC
date When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?	NUM
reason Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	DESC
food What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?	ENTY
desc What good are mosquitoes ?	DESC
animal What animal do buffalo wings come from ?	ENTY
count How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?	NUM
state What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?	LOC
dismed What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?	ENTY
def What is a Guild ?	DESC
animal What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	ENTY
other What is worth seeing in Reims ?	LOC
veh What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?	ENTY
def What is a `` False Moon '' ?	DESC
def What is the highest Roman numeral ?	DESC
ind What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?	HUM
other What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	LOC
city What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?	LOC
def What is Plc ?	DESC
manner How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	DESC
ind What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?	HUM
other Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?	LOC
count How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?	NUM
word What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	ENTY
def What is form drag ?	DESC
ind Who owns the rights on a TV program ?	HUM
manner How do I write to my Congressman ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?	HUM
gr What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	HUM
def What is Head Start ?	DESC
other Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?	LOC
ind Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?	HUM
money What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?	NUM
desc What does a nihilist believe in ?	DESC
color What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	ENTY
count How many types of cheese are there in France ?	NUM
reason Why does it snow ?	DESC
def What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?	DESC
desc What can be done about snoring ?	DESC
count How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?	NUM
ind What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?	HUM
termeq What do the Japanese call Japan ?	ENTY
perc What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	NUM
gr What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?	HUM
exp What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?	ABBR
period How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	NUM
date When is Bastille Day ?	NUM
period What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?	NUM
state What state produces the best lobster to eat ?	LOC
manner How can I find out my biorhythm ?	DESC
money What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?	NUM
manner How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?	DESC
ind Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?	HUM
def What is the Golden Rule ?	DESC
cremat In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	ENTY
ind Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?	HUM
manner How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?	DESC
ind Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?	HUM
city What is the capital of Kosovo ?	LOC
period How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?	NUM
product What are different products of petroleum ?	ENTY
money What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?	DESC
date What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?	NUM
abb What is the abbreviation for micro ?	ABBR
period How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	NUM
other Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	LOC
perc What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?	NUM
desc What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?	DESC
count How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?	NUM
city What is the capital of Italy ?	LOC
reason Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?	DESC
reason What causes rust ?	DESC
techmeth What do sailors use to measure time ?	ENTY
desc What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	DESC
ind The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?	HUM
plant What plants are found in an estuary ?	ENTY
reason What is D.B. Cooper known for ?	DESC
ind Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?	HUM
desc Who is Colin Powell ?	HUM
def What are the Valdez Principles ?	DESC
city Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	LOC
city What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?	LOC
count How much salt is in the oceans ?	NUM
sport What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	ENTY
count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	NUM
ind What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?	HUM
manner How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?	DESC
other What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?	ENTY
def What is a Devo hat ?	DESC
count How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	NUM
termeq What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?	ENTY
word What 's the singular of dice ?	ENTY
other What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?	LOC
date What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	NUM
cremat What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?	ENTY
ind What president also became a supreme court justice ?	HUM
date When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?	NUM
date What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?	NUM
date When will the millennium officially begin ?	NUM
other What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?	ENTY
date What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?	NUM
ind Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	HUM
period How long does a human live ?	NUM
ind What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?	HUM
ind Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?	HUM
gr What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?	HUM
other What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	LOC
other What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	ENTY
dist How high is the city of Denver ?	NUM
cremat Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?	ENTY
date When did swimming become commonplace ?	NUM
cremat What book did Aaron Hass write ?	ENTY
other Where was George Washington born ?	LOC
exp What does the acronym CPR mean ?	ABBR
manner How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?	DESC
word What 's the singular of dice ?	ENTY
count How many Superbowls have the ers won ?	NUM
sport What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	ENTY
state In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?	LOC
substance What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?	ENTY
reason What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?	DESC
def What are the Valdez Principles ?	DESC
date When did Nixon die ?	NUM
money What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?	NUM
ind Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?	HUM
reason What makes a tornado turn ?	DESC
color What color are school buses ?	ENTY
state What state does Martha Stewart live in ?	LOC
count How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?	NUM
other Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?	LOC
other What island is home to statues called Mauis ?	LOC
other Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?	LOC
ind Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?	HUM
date What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	NUM
count How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	NUM
other What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?	ENTY
other What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?	ENTY
ind Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?	HUM
cremat In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	ENTY
city What is the largest city in the world ?	LOC
gr What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?	HUM
other Where are good science sites on the Internet ?	LOC
date In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?	NUM
exp What does SIDS stand for ?	ABBR
termeq What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of failure ?	ENTY
manner How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?	DESC
dismed Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	ENTY
other What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?	LOC
other What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?	ENTY
count How many websites are there in the world ?	NUM
cremat On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	ENTY
other What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?	LOC
reason What causes someone to be ticklish ?	DESC
country What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?	LOC
ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	NUM
desc What is the history of yo-yos ?	DESC
desc What do insects do through their spiracles ?	DESC
other What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?	LOC
other Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	LOC
manner How can I trace my family roots ?	DESC
count How many corners does a spritsail have ?	NUM
city What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?	LOC
count How many eyes does a bat have ?	NUM
state What state is the Filenes store located in ?	LOC
def What is the Peloponnesian League ?	DESC
other Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?	LOC
manner How does a bill become law ?	DESC
gr What professional sports league originated the college draft ?	HUM
def What is a cullion ?	DESC
count How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?	NUM
ind Who was the first American world chess champion ?	HUM
date When was the first stained glass window made ?	NUM
money How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?	NUM
color What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?	ENTY
ind What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?	HUM
date When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	NUM
dist How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	NUM
date When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?	NUM
cremat In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	ENTY
city What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?	LOC
count How many muscles does an oyster have ?	NUM
date When was the internal combustion engine developed ?	NUM
ind What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?	HUM
reason What makes salt ?	DESC
animal What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?	ENTY
manner How is silk screening done ?	DESC
ind Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	HUM
cremat What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	ENTY
city What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?	LOC
manner How were the days of the week named ?	DESC
gr What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	HUM
desc What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	DESC
animal What predators exist on Antarctica ?	ENTY
animal What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of being dirty ?	ENTY
ind Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?	HUM
exp What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?	ABBR
count How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?	NUM
country What country is Mount Everest in ?	LOC
desc What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	DESC
speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
count How many species of sharks are there ?	NUM
cremat What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?	ENTY
other Where was George Washington born ?	LOC
def What is a leper ?	DESC
food What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	ENTY
count How often are brain cells replaced ?	NUM
substance What are fingernails made of ?	ENTY
gr Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?	HUM
cremat What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?	ENTY
reason Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?	DESC
other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	NUM
ind What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?	HUM
count How many different types of skunks are there ?	NUM
ind Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	HUM
def What is federal income tax ?	DESC
count How many people visit the Pope each month ?	NUM
manner How do you buy stocks ?	DESC
count How many languages are there in the world ?	NUM
letter What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	ENTY
other What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?	LOC
manner How do I find out about jobs ?	DESC
other Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?	LOC
manner How can I get a CCT diagram ?	DESC
state What is the richest state in the U.S. ?	LOC
other Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	LOC
country What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	LOC
other What are some good fractal web sites ?	LOC
count How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?	NUM
desc Who is Stephen Hawking ?	HUM
period How old is Jeremy Piven ?	NUM
ind Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	HUM
animal What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?	ENTY
money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	NUM
manner How do I install a tile floor ?	DESC
cremat What children 's tale contains the line 	ENTY
food Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?	ENTY
manner What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?	DESC
product What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?	ENTY
ind Who killed Kurt Cobain ?	HUM
ind Who is the leader of Brunei ?	HUM
desc What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?	DESC
country Name the country which Honecker lived in .	LOC
veh Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .	ENTY
desc What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?	DESC
count How many people in America snore ?	NUM
def What is the definition of cosmology ?	DESC
ind Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?	HUM
other Where is Webster University ?	LOC
reason Why was the zipper invented ?	DESC
ind Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?	HUM
count What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?	NUM
def What is amezaiku ?	DESC
body What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	ENTY
reason Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?	DESC
other Where is Trinidad ?	LOC
other What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?	DESC
period How long was the longest hiccup attack ?	NUM
reason Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	DESC
gr What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?	HUM
other Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	LOC
manner How can SQL queries be improved ?	DESC
cremat What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?	ENTY
date When was Calypso music invented ?	NUM
other What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?	ENTY
cremat What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?	ENTY
event What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?	ENTY
other What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?	LOC
def What are geckos ?	DESC
count The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?	NUM
manner How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?	DESC
date What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?	NUM
other What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?	ENTY
ind What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?	HUM
ind Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	HUM
def What is hyperopia ?	DESC
food What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?	ENTY
other What does a pedometer measure ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?	HUM
city What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?	LOC
cremat What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?	ENTY
weight How much does a poodle weigh ?	NUM
other Where 's Montenegro ?	LOC
count How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	NUM
reason From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	DESC
country What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?	LOC
count How many blacks served in the Vietnam War	NUM
ind What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?	HUM
manner How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?	DESC
other Where does Mother Angelica live ?	LOC
count How many queen bees reign in a hive ?	NUM
other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
other What is the tallest building in Japan ?	LOC
ind Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?	HUM
manner How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?	DESC
exp What does EKG stand for ?	ABBR
product What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?	ENTY
ind Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .	HUM
animal What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?	ENTY
gr What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?	HUM
ind Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?	HUM
other Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?	LOC
perc What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?	NUM
ind Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?	HUM
def What is a ` borrow pit ' ?	DESC
other What 's the population of Mississippi ?	NUM
ind Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?	HUM
veh What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	ENTY
other What is the protection rate of using condoms ?	NUM
count How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?	NUM
symbol What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?	ENTY
ind What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?	HUM
state Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	LOC
termeq What 's the literary term for a play on words ?	ENTY
cremat What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?	ENTY
other What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?	ENTY
manner How does a submarine operate ?	DESC
animal What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?	ENTY
count How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?	NUM
gr What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?	HUM
other What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	ENTY
manner How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?	DESC
word What English word has the most letters ?	ENTY
def What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?	DESC
other Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	LOC
desc What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?	DESC
ind What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?	HUM
period How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?	NUM
desc In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	DESC
ind Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?	HUM
exp What does G.M.T. stand for ?	ABBR
manner How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?	DESC
gr What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?	HUM
ind What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	HUM
count How many states have a lottery ?	NUM
desc What do I need to learn to design web pages ?	DESC
ind What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?	HUM
cremat What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?	ENTY
count How many colors are there in the spectrum ?	NUM
gr What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	HUM
city What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	LOC
date When did they canonize the Bible ?	NUM
def What does laser stand for ?	DESC
other What 's the most common street name in America ?	LOC
desc Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	DESC
count How many teats does a female goat sport ?	NUM
cremat What was Mae West 's last film ?	ENTY
city What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	LOC
date When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?	NUM
ind Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	HUM
ind What New Orleans D.A. claimed 	HUM
date In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	NUM
desc What are some children 's rights ?	DESC
gr What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?	HUM
desc What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?	DESC
def What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?	DESC
desc What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	DESC
money What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?	NUM
manner How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?	DESC
color What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?	ENTY
desc What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?	DESC
animal Who was the first animal into space ?	ENTY
date When was the De Beers company founded ?	NUM
date What year was the first automobile manufactured ?	NUM
count How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	NUM
ind Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?	HUM
ind What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley 	HUM
food What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	ENTY
food Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?	ENTY
other What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?	ENTY
ind What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?	HUM
gr Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .	HUM
gr Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	HUM
desc Who is Coronado ?	HUM
def What is a portal ?	DESC
desc What will a compass do in outer space ?	DESC
other Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?	LOC
count How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	NUM
sport What international sport was originally called hurley ?	ENTY
count How many Russians have landed on the moon ?	NUM
cremat What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?	ENTY
other What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	NUM
title What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?	HUM
def What is dry ice ?	DESC
other Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?	LOC
color What color are school buses ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the electric guitar ?	HUM
gr What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?	HUM
letter What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?	ENTY
count How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?	NUM
ind Who 's the only president buried in Washington	HUM
city What town was the setting for The Music Man ?	LOC
ind Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?	HUM
cremat What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?	ENTY
cremat What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?	ENTY
exp What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	ABBR
dismed What is a fear of stings ?	ENTY
gr What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	HUM
reason Why is the mile 528 feet ?	DESC
animal What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?	HUM
cremat What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?	ENTY
period How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?	NUM
count How many calories are there in a glass of water ?	NUM
city What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?	LOC
def What is a leaky heart valve ?	DESC
gr What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?	HUM
manner How can I give myself a French manicure ?	DESC
perc What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	NUM
other Where did the ukulele originate ?	LOC
ind What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	HUM
product What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?	LOC
def What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry 	DESC
reason Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?	DESC
color What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?	ENTY
product What are different products of petroleum ?	ENTY
manner How do I know if I am pregnant ?	DESC
country What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	LOC
def What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?	DESC
other Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?	LOC
food What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?	ENTY
date What year did Apartheid start ?	NUM
ind Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	HUM
food Which is heavier - cream or milk ?	ENTY
desc What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?	DESC
animal What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?	ENTY
manner How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?	DESC
title What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?	HUM
gr What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	HUM
state What two states is Washington D.C. between ?	LOC
manner How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?	DESC
count What is the current population for these countries 	NUM
other What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?	LOC
def What are the Low Countries ?	DESC
other Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	LOC
count How many countries are there ?	NUM
other Where do hyenas live ?	LOC
def What is Shalom ?	DESC
ind Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?	HUM
other What continent is Bolivia on ?	LOC
event What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
other Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?	LOC
dist How deep is a fathom ?	NUM
title What is her profession ?	HUM
dismed Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?	ENTY
other Where is Mozambique located ?	LOC
desc What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	DESC
veh What is the name of the second space shuttle ?	ENTY
date When was Microsoft established ?	NUM
reason What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?	DESC
ind Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	HUM
animal In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?	ENTY
count How many muscles does an oyster have ?	NUM
def What does appropriates money mean ?	DESC
other What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?	ENTY
ind What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	HUM
ind Who invented the lawnmower ?	HUM
city The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?	DESC
ind Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?	HUM
ind What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?	HUM
country What country 's flag is field green ?	LOC
def What else has the swastika stood for ?	DESC
count How much electricity does the brain need to work ?	NUM
dismed What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?	ENTY
ind Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?	HUM
animal What is Mississippi 's state animal ?	ENTY
ind Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	HUM
ind What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?	HUM
period How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?	NUM
event What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?	ENTY
ind Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?	HUM
gr Name a South African diamond producer ?	HUM
other What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	LOC
event What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	ENTY
ind Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?	HUM
date When was Yemen reunified ?	NUM
other Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	LOC
manner How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?	DESC
other Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	LOC
letter What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?	ENTY
manner How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	DESC
ind Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?	HUM
other What does it take to be a hero ?	ENTY
other At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	ENTY
ind Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?	HUM
date When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?	NUM
ind Who won the Superbowl in ?	HUM
reason Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?	DESC
ind Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?	HUM
other Where is Tufts University ?	LOC
ind Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?	HUM
gr Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?	HUM
gr What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''	HUM
count How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?	NUM
sport What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?	ENTY
veh What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	ENTY
ind Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?	HUM
manner How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?	DESC
ind Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?	HUM
city What city in Florida is Sea World in ?	LOC
ind What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?	HUM
ind Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	HUM
reason Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?	DESC
def What is idealab ! ?	DESC
ind What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?	HUM
ind Who created Big Ben ?	HUM
ind Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?	HUM
def What is a dental root canal ?	DESC
period What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?	NUM
count How many species of sharks are there ?	NUM
count How many people are there in the world ?	NUM
count How many people visit the Pope each month ?	NUM
manner How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?	DESC
desc What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?	DESC
gr What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?	HUM
manner How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	DESC
exp What is DSL ?	ABBR
body What is the softest part of the body ?	ENTY
period How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?	NUM
color What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?	ENTY
count How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?	NUM
count How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?	NUM
reason What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?	DESC
reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?	DESC
other Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	LOC
period How old was George Washington when he died ?	NUM
city What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?	LOC
period How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?	NUM
def What is the C programming language ?	DESC
other Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	LOC
cremat What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?	ENTY
other What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?	ENTY
def What is the Milky Way ?	DESC
other What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?	LOC
reason What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?	DESC
def What is `` snoogans '' ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?	DESC
country What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?	LOC
cremat What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?	ENTY
reason Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	DESC
ind When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?	HUM
def What 's a short ton ?	DESC
other Where does tuberculosis come from ?	LOC
ind Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	HUM
count How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	NUM
manner How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	DESC
country What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?	LOC
cremat Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .	ENTY
manner How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?	DESC
ind Who was the first man to return to space ?	HUM
country What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?	LOC
money What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	NUM
dismed What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?	ENTY
product What is the most expensive car in the world ?	ENTY
desc What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	DESC
ind What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley 	HUM
ind What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?	HUM
def What is the definition of cosmology ?	DESC
ind What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?	HUM
manner How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	DESC
manner How do I tie a tie ?	DESC
ind Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?	HUM
gr What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	HUM
techmeth What is the best way to travel in Japan ?	ENTY
other Where can one find Rider College ?	LOC
ind Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?	HUM
count How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	NUM
def What is a drought ?	DESC
perc What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?	NUM
manner How can I stop or slow down aging ?	DESC
date What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?	NUM
date When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?	NUM
other Where is Trinidad ?	LOC
count How many Marx Brothers were there ?	NUM
other What are all the rivers in Europe ?	LOC
date What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	NUM
ind Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?	HUM
def What is hypertext ?	DESC
desc What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	DESC
ind Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?	HUM
ind Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	HUM
def What is false consciousness ?	DESC
other Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?	LOC
event What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?	ENTY
date What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	NUM
def What exactly is radiation ?	DESC
ind Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?	HUM
def What is digitalis ?	DESC
other Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?	LOC
money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	NUM
ind What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?	HUM
state What state does Martha Stewart live in ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of childbirth ?	ENTY
count How many states have a lottery ?	NUM
instru What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?	HUM
ind Name Alvin 's brothers	HUM
other Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?	LOC
other Where is Windsor Castle ?	LOC
ind What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?	HUM
date What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	NUM
date On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?	NUM
other Where is Romania located ?	LOC
reason Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	DESC
ind What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?	HUM
ind Name Alvin 's brothers	HUM
desc What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	DESC
color What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?	ENTY
other What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?	ENTY
dist How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	NUM
ind What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?	HUM
country What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?	LOC
count What is the population in India ?	NUM
ind Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?	HUM
dismed What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?	ENTY
ind What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?	HUM
desc What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	DESC
ind Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?	HUM
termeq What is another name for nearsightedness ?	ENTY
gr What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?	HUM
count How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?	NUM
ind Who was the president of Vichy France ?	HUM
termeq What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?	ENTY
ind Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	HUM
ind Who invented television ?	HUM
count How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?	NUM
def What is e-commerce ?	DESC
count How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?	NUM
ind Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?	HUM
city What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	LOC
def What is molybdenum ?	DESC
def What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	DESC
manner How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	DESC
gr What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	HUM
techmeth What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?	ENTY
country What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?	LOC
other Which continent has the most roses ?	LOC
other What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?	HUM
event What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?	ENTY
event What are the ages in comic book lingo ?	ENTY
desc What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	DESC
reason Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?	DESC
ind What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?	HUM
other What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	LOC
country What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?	LOC
other What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?	ENTY
country What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of going to bed ?	ENTY
ind What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?	HUM
event What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?	ENTY
cremat What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?	ENTY
food What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?	ENTY
dismed For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?	HUM
ind Who wrote 	HUM
other What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?	LOC
desc What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?	DESC
instru What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?	HUM
cremat In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	ENTY
ind Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	HUM
country What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?	LOC
manner How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?	DESC
ind What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?	HUM
other Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?	LOC
cremat What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?	ENTY
food Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?	ENTY
def What is cache memory ?	DESC
date What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?	NUM
ind Who did Doris Day mean when she said 	HUM
def What is a philanthropist ?	DESC
other Where did the ukulele originate ?	LOC
ind In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?	HUM
other Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	LOC
def What is swap math ?	DESC
def What is the VDRL test of blood ?	DESC
animal What is the West Virginia state animal ?	ENTY
count How many Marx Brothers were there ?	NUM
reason Why can 't ostriches fly ?	DESC
cremat What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?	ENTY
cremat What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?	ENTY
title What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?	HUM
ind What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?	HUM
event What series of trials followed World War II ?	ENTY
def What 's an auberge in France ?	DESC
ind Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?	HUM
money Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?	DESC
manner How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?	DESC
techmeth What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	ENTY
event What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	ENTY
ind What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	HUM
ind Who invented the road traffic cone ?	HUM
money What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	NUM
ind What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?	HUM
ind Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?	HUM
termeq What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	HUM
def What is sound ?	DESC
ind Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	HUM
ind What poet wrote 	HUM
other What are the components of polyester ?	ENTY
manner How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	DESC
ind Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .	HUM
desc What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?	DESC
reason Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?	DESC
count How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?	NUM
reason What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?	DESC
def What is viscosity ?	DESC
ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?	HUM
reason Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	DESC
ind Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?	HUM
money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	NUM
ind Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .	HUM
ind What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?	HUM
def What is gymnophobia ?	DESC
count How many people have been Captain America ?	NUM
desc Who is Count Cinzano ?	HUM
gr Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?	HUM
other Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	LOC
cremat What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?	ENTY
manner How does a glacier form ?	DESC
ind What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	HUM
ind Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	HUM
manner How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	DESC
def What is goulash ?	DESC
perc What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?	NUM
other What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?	LOC
reason What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?	DESC
other Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	LOC
ind What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?	HUM
city What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	LOC
count On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?	NUM
ind What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?	HUM
other What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	LOC
ind What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?	HUM
count What is the goat population of the world ?	NUM
ind Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .	HUM
ind Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?	HUM
other What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?	ENTY
ind Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	HUM
cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?	ENTY
cremat What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between khaki and chino ?	DESC
ind Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .	HUM
def What is Olestra ?	DESC
period What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?	NUM
ind What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?	HUM
country What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?	LOC
ind Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?	HUM
other What did Benny Carter play ?	ENTY
cremat What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?	ENTY
def What is an isthmus ?	DESC
cremat What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?	ENTY
color What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?	ENTY
other In what part of the world is Mozambique ?	LOC
count How many blacks served in the Vietnam War	NUM
other When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?	LOC
techmeth What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?	ENTY
exp What does HIV stand for ?	ABBR
desc Who is Terrence Malick ?	HUM
count How many bytes are in a terabyte ?	NUM
ind Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	HUM
country In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?	LOC
reason What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	DESC
def What is gymnophobia ?	DESC
termeq What is Latin for incompetent ?	ENTY
reason Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	DESC
desc What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	DESC
mount What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	LOC
food What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?	ENTY
manner How is cologne made ?	DESC
animal What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?	ENTY
count How many lakes are there on the Earth ?	NUM
country What nationality is a Sicilian ?	LOC
event What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?	ENTY
reason Why do people get calluses ?	DESC
other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	NUM
other What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?	LOC
event What famous events have happened on March 27 ?	ENTY
sport What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	ENTY
ind Who invented batteries ?	HUM
gr What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?	HUM
def What is barnstorming ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?	DESC
def What is form drag ?	DESC
exp What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?	ABBR
other Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	LOC
exp What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?	ABBR
ind Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?	HUM
other What fossilizes to form coprolite ?	ENTY
date When was the first flush toilet invented ?	NUM
count How many people watch network television ?	NUM
product What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?	ENTY
cremat What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	ENTY
def What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?	DESC
letter What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of bees ?	ENTY
ind What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of fish ?	ENTY
other What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?	ENTY
def What is hydrogen ?	DESC
period How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?	NUM
ind Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	HUM
sport What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?	ENTY
manner How do microwaves work ?	DESC
date When was the Big Thompson flood ?	NUM
ind What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?	HUM
ind Who declared 	HUM
def What are chloroplasts ?	DESC
cremat What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?	ENTY
ind Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?	HUM
date In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?	NUM
period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	NUM
ind What is the most common name ?	HUM
money How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
ind Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?	HUM
period The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?	NUM
other What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?	LOC
ind Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?	HUM
color What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?	ENTY
money What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
count How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	NUM
volsize How big is the largest diamond ?	NUM
ind Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?	HUM
color What color are tennis balls ?	ENTY
desc Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	DESC
desc Who was Whitcomb Judson ?	HUM
exp What does the abbreviation cwt. ?	ABBR
ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	HUM
techmeth What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?	ENTY
ind What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?	HUM
ind What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?	HUM
date What day is August 13 , 1971 ?	NUM
ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	HUM
def What does the dot on the letter i mean ?	DESC
def What is time ?	DESC
ind Who owns CNN ?	HUM
termeq How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?	ENTY
count How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	NUM
ind What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	HUM
other What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	LOC
count How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?	NUM
ind CNN is owned by whom ?	HUM
count How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	NUM
def What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	DESC
other What turns blue litmus paper red ?	ENTY
ind Who is the prime minister of Australia ?	HUM
manner How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?	DESC
country What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?	LOC
other Where is the Valley of the Kings ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?	DESC
reason What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	DESC
state What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?	LOC
ind What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?	HUM
ind Name the poet of the poem which begins 	HUM
reason Colin Powell is most famous for what ?	DESC
termeq The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?	ENTY
count How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?	NUM
instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	ENTY
ind Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?	HUM
def How is thalassemia defined ?	DESC
def What is the English meaning of caliente ?	DESC
ind What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?	HUM
ind What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	HUM
ind What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?	HUM
ind Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?	HUM
ind Who shot Billy the Kid ?	HUM
gr What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?	HUM
date What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	NUM
manner How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?	DESC
other What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?	LOC
animal What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	ENTY
gr What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''	HUM
ind Who developed potlatch ?	HUM
period How long is human gestation ?	NUM
ind Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?	HUM
def What are amaretto biscuits ?	DESC
perc What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?	NUM
def What is lung cancer ?	DESC
reason Why was Curious George curious ?	DESC
def What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?	DESC
gr What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	HUM
cremat What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?	ENTY
ind What is her husband 's name ?	HUM
count How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	NUM
product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	ENTY
city What 's the capital of Taiwan ?	LOC
other What attracts tourists to Reims ?	LOC
substance What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?	ENTY
city What 's the capital of Monaco ?	LOC
count How many feet are there in a fathom ?	NUM
animal Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?	DESC
speed How fast does the fastest car go ?	NUM
other Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?	LOC
ind Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of strong light ?	ENTY
ind Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	HUM
count How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	NUM
other What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?	LOC
termeq What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?	ENTY
other What does a philatelist collect ?	ENTY
ind Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?	HUM
date When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?	NUM
animal Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?	ENTY
desc What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	DESC
desc Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?	HUM
count How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	NUM
def What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	DESC
ind Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?	HUM
def What does verdandi mean ?	DESC
other What tools do you use to crewel ?	ENTY
def What does the name Gina mean ?	DESC
count How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?	NUM
other What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?	ENTY
termeq What do you call a book of quotes ?	ENTY
date What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?	NUM
other What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?	ENTY
gr Name the tree growing company .	HUM
gr What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?	HUM
title What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?	HUM
title What does Robin Williams do ?	HUM
other What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?	LOC
manner How do I tie dye clothes ?	DESC
ind Who directed The Wild Bunch ?	HUM
veh What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?	ENTY
period What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?	NUM
period How long does a fly live ?	NUM
ind Who were the Picts ?	HUM
gr Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?	HUM
money What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?	NUM
gr What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?	HUM
weight What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	NUM
desc What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	DESC
exp What does IQ stand for ?	ABBR
other What are the largest libraries in the US ?	LOC
date When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?	NUM
color What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?	ENTY
cremat What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?	ENTY
count How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	NUM
period How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?	NUM
manner How do you handle a hungry man ?	DESC
count How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?	NUM
ind Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	HUM
other What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?	ENTY
count How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	NUM
instru What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	ENTY
other Where is Rider College ?	LOC
cremat What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?	ENTY
ind Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .	HUM
ind What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?	HUM
count How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?	NUM
other Where do hyenas live ?	LOC
reason Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?	DESC
def What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	DESC
veh Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?	ENTY
city What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?	LOC
ind What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?	HUM
country What country has problems with hooligans ?	LOC
event What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?	ENTY
color What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?	ENTY
other What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	NUM
gr Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?	HUM
substance What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	ENTY
count How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	NUM
other What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?	ENTY
ind What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?	HUM
def What are the Greek numerals ?	DESC
count How many pins are used in skittles ?	NUM
food To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?	ENTY
ind Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?	HUM
manner How do companies cut paper so thin ?	DESC
ind What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?	HUM
plant What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?	ENTY
dist How tall is Prince Charles ?	NUM
other What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?	LOC
ind Who was Camp David named for ?	HUM
def What is proposition 98 about ?	DESC
period How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?	NUM
def What is tumbled marble ?	DESC
period How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?	NUM
plant What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?	ENTY
ind Who was the 1st U.S. President ?	HUM
manner How do you clean up a cache ?	DESC
gr What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?	HUM
date In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	NUM
dist How far out is the universe ?	NUM
reason Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?	DESC
other What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?	ENTY
termeq What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?	ENTY
perc Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	NUM
country What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	LOC
ind Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?	HUM
dismed For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?	ENTY
def What is a turnkey contract ?	DESC
gr In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?	HUM
ind What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	HUM
ind Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?	HUM
def What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	DESC
other What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?	LOC
ind Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?	HUM
desc What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?	DESC
reason What is Jane Goodall known for ?	DESC
count How many events make up the decathlon ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of women ?	ENTY
city Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	LOC
ind What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	HUM
animal What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?	ENTY
gr What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?	HUM
ind Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?	HUM
def What is a geoscientist ?	DESC
event Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .	ENTY
other What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?	NUM
country What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?	LOC
date When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?	NUM
def What is idealab ! ?	DESC
count How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	NUM
food What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?	ENTY
manner How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?	DESC
ind Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?	HUM
state What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	LOC
termeq How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?	ENTY
country What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?	LOC
other Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?	LOC
def What is InterLata Internet service ?	DESC
date What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?	NUM
cremat In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?	ENTY
dismed What is the fear of the computer called ?	ENTY
ind Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	HUM
date What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?	NUM
ind Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?	HUM
country What countries have the best math students ?	LOC
date What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?	NUM
ind What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?	HUM
def What is the Hub of London ?	DESC
def What is artificial intelligence ?	DESC
city What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	LOC
count How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?	NUM
ind What was Michelangelo 's last name ?	HUM
manner How do you make a paintball ?	DESC
def What are Maid-Rites ?	DESC
color What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	ENTY
cremat What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	DESC
symbol What is the chemical formula for napalm ?	ENTY
techmeth What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?	ENTY
ind What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?	HUM
ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	HUM
manner How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	DESC
other Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	LOC
cremat What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?	ENTY
count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	NUM
desc What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?	DESC
cremat What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?	ENTY
code What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?	NUM
date When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?	NUM
date When was Queen Victoria born ?	NUM
ind Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?	HUM
desc What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?	DESC
other Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?	LOC
other Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	LOC
perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	NUM
manner How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?	DESC
count How many yards are in 1 mile ?	NUM
other On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?	LOC
ind Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?	HUM
def What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?	DESC
food What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?	HUM
cremat What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	ENTY
ind What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?	HUM
manner How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?	DESC
other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	NUM
other What was the alternate to VHS ?	ENTY
manner How do boats float ?	DESC
manner How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	DESC
ind Who invented Astroturf ?	HUM
other What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?	ENTY
money What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
def What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	DESC
ind What English queen had seventeen children ?	HUM
money How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?	NUM
animal What animal 's tail is called a brush ?	ENTY
other Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	LOC
other What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?	ENTY
count How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	NUM
city What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?	LOC
country What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?	LOC
period How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	NUM
ind Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	HUM
reason What causes an earthquake ?	DESC
date When does menstruation begin ?	NUM
city What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?	LOC
cremat What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?	ENTY
food What food can I use to catch a possum ?	ENTY
sport What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	ENTY
other What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	LOC
termeq What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?	ENTY
def Define Spumante .	DESC
dist What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?	NUM
state In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	LOC
veh What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?	ENTY
sport What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?	ENTY
other Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	LOC
def What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?	DESC
animal Name four famous cartoon cats .	ENTY
animal What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
manner How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?	DESC
gr What police force did Mack Sennett create ?	HUM
ind What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	HUM
date When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	NUM
count How many colors are there in the spectrum ?	NUM
other Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?	LOC
other What are the wolverine habits ?	ENTY
def What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?	DESC
plant What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?	ENTY
ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	HUM
date When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	NUM
ind Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?	HUM
city What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?	LOC
manner How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	DESC
reason What makes popcorn pop ?	DESC
ind What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?	HUM
desc What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?	DESC
animal What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?	ENTY
def What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?	DESC
count How many islands make up Antigua ?	NUM
cremat What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	ENTY
cremat What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?	ENTY
money What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
count How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	NUM
desc What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?	DESC
ind Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?	HUM
ind In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?	HUM
count How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?	NUM
count How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	NUM
other What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of being alone ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first American in space ?	HUM
desc What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	DESC
other What generation am I in ?	ENTY
lang What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?	ENTY
desc Who is Stephen Hawking ?	HUM
sport What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	ENTY
other What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?	ENTY
desc What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?	DESC
count How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?	NUM
ind Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	HUM
ind Silly putty was invented by whom ?	HUM
other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?	LOC
period How long does cocaine stay in your system ?	NUM
manner How do I find a web address for a company ?	DESC
ind Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	HUM
dist How tall is kilamanjaro ?	NUM
cremat What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?	ENTY
city What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	LOC
event What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?	ENTY
ind President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?	HUM
count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	NUM
ind Who created the character James Bond ?	HUM
reason What causes tuberculosis ?	DESC
ind Who was the 1st U.S. President ?	HUM
ind What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?	HUM
color What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?	ENTY
def What is a Canada two-penny black ?	DESC
instru Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?	ENTY
def What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?	DESC
product What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?	ENTY
ind Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?	HUM
ind Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?	HUM
word What is the most famous German word in the English language ?	ENTY
ind What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?	HUM
cremat What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	ENTY
other Where is Los Vegas ?	LOC
cremat What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	ENTY
color What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?	ENTY
other What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?	LOC
reason What made Jane Goodall famous ?	DESC
speed How fast does the fastest car go ?	NUM
dist How long is Camptown Racetrack ?	NUM
ind Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	HUM
period How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?	NUM
desc What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	DESC
ind What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?	HUM
ind What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?	HUM
ind Who is the head of the World Bank ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?	HUM
substance What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	ENTY
other What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of parasites ?	ENTY
def What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	DESC
exp What does NECROSIS mean ?	ABBR
def What is a swatch ?	DESC
city What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?	LOC
dismed What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?	ENTY
other Where was Poe born ?	LOC
other What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	ENTY
date When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	NUM
other What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	ENTY
other Where is Glasgow ?	LOC
desc Who is Henry Butler ?	HUM
date When is President Nixon 's birthday ?	NUM
date When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?	NUM
date When does the Bible say the seasons started ?	NUM
ind What California governor said 	HUM
manner How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?	DESC
ind Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?	HUM
state Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?	LOC
city What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?	LOC
ind Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?	HUM
def Define Sinn Fein .	DESC
ind What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	HUM
period How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?	NUM
cremat What children 's tale contains the line 	ENTY
cremat What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?	ENTY
manner How do you handle a hungry man ?	DESC
title What is the oldest profession ?	HUM
gr What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?	HUM
cremat What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?	ENTY
date What geological time do we live in ?	NUM
other Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?	LOC
manner How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?	DESC
other On what continent is Mozambique ?	LOC
def What is a common dolphin ?	DESC
food Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?	ENTY
ind What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	HUM
other What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	LOC
substance What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	ENTY
other What 's the most common street name in America ?	LOC
dist How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?	NUM
country Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	LOC
abb What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?	ABBR
ind Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?	HUM
animal What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?	ENTY
currency What currency is used in Australia ?	ENTY
other Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?	LOC
count How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	NUM
event What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	ENTY
reason What is the S&P 500 used for ?	DESC
gr What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?	HUM
city In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?	LOC
count How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?	NUM
ind Name Dick Tracy 's two children .	HUM
ind Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	HUM
ind Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	HUM
def What is a cake of soap ?	DESC
cremat What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?	ENTY
sport Garry Kasparov plays what game ?	ENTY
state What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?	LOC
other In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?	LOC
def What is the definition of a cascade ?	DESC
symbol What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the peace symbol ?	DESC
gr Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	HUM
other Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	LOC
count How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?	DESC
state What state does Charles Robb represent ?	LOC
city The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?	LOC
word What is the plural of gulf ?	ENTY
other What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	ENTY
ind Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?	DESC
sport What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	ENTY
gr What company produces Spumante ?	HUM
other Where can one find Mozambique ?	LOC
count How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?	NUM
sport What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	ENTY
desc What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?	DESC
date What season begins with the vernal equinox ?	NUM
cremat What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?	ENTY
other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	LOC
cremat What was the first video ever made ?	ENTY
def What is a green bog ?	DESC
abb What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
abb What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	ABBR
other Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?	LOC
reason Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?	DESC
def What are the Greek numerals ?	DESC
gr What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?	HUM
other What are the largest deserts in the world ?	LOC
def What is tyvek ?	DESC
count How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?	NUM
desc What is Remembrance Day all about ?	DESC
ind What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?	HUM
count How many continents are there ?	NUM
desc What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	DESC
techmeth What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?	ENTY
ind What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?	HUM
ind Who invented the lawnmower ?	HUM
perc What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?	NUM
gr What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?	HUM
techmeth What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?	ENTY
other Where is Tornado Alley ?	LOC
ind What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?	HUM
date What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?	NUM
other What is website of the International Court of Justice ?	LOC
other What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	ENTY
food Which is a real berry 	ENTY
ind What was her real name ?	HUM
ind What actor said in A Day at the Races 	HUM
desc What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?	DESC
def What is white chocolate ?	DESC
count How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?	NUM
color What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	ENTY
other What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	LOC
reason Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?	DESC
other Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	ENTY
body What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	ENTY
ind What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?	HUM
exp What does VCR stand for ?	ABBR
def What is the Kashmir issue ?	DESC
count How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?	NUM
count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	NUM
date On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	NUM
desc What do I need to learn to design web pages ?	DESC
other Where did George of the Jungle live ?	LOC
perc What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?	NUM
ind Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?	HUM
city The Orange Bowl is in what city ?	LOC
reason What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?	DESC
gr What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?	HUM
exp In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?	ABBR
other What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?	ENTY
other Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?	LOC
reason Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?	DESC
city What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	LOC
product What is the best selling computer model ever ?	ENTY
event What is the mission of Nike ?	ENTY
count What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?	NUM
body The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	ENTY
other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?	LOC
count How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	NUM
def What is a nanometer ?	DESC
ind Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?	HUM
event What is the mission of Nike ?	ENTY
ind Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?	HUM
other What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	ENTY
other Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?	LOC
ind Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?	HUM
def What does Aaron mean ?	DESC
other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	NUM
termeq What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?	ENTY
count How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?	NUM
reason What is Colin Powell best known for ?	DESC
animal Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	ENTY
ind What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?	HUM
exp What is DTMF ?	ABBR
other What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?	ENTY
ind What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?	HUM
manner How do I install a tile floor ?	DESC
desc Who was Jinnah ?	HUM
reason Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?	DESC
ind What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?	HUM
temp How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
date When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	NUM
animal What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?	ENTY
date When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?	NUM
other What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?	LOC
manner How do you make a million bucks ?	DESC
gr What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?	HUM
desc What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?	DESC
other Where is Qatar ?	LOC
ind Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?	HUM
def What was the Long March in China ?	DESC
event What are the historical trials following World War II called ?	ENTY
sport What sport does Chris Jogis play ?	ENTY
other What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?	ENTY
cremat Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .	ENTY
desc What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?	DESC
money What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?	NUM
dist How deep is a fathom ?	NUM
count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?	NUM
termeq What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?	ENTY
ind Who won World War II ?	HUM
termeq What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?	ENTY
def What is typhoid fever ?	DESC
other Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?	LOC
country What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?	LOC
count How often are brain cells replaced ?	NUM
manner How do they produce vitamins ?	DESC
speed How fast is light ?	NUM
ind What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?	HUM
ind Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?	HUM
count How many pins are used in skittles ?	NUM
word What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?	ENTY
volsize What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	NUM
ind Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?	HUM
def What is viscosity ?	DESC
ind Who is the owner of CNN ?	HUM
product Italy is the largest producer of what ?	ENTY
def What are amphibians ?	DESC
country What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	LOC
termeq What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	ENTY
date What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?	NUM
exp What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?	ABBR
ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	NUM
manner How is energy created ?	DESC
color What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?	ENTY
ind Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?	HUM
ind Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?	HUM
date When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?	NUM
manner How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	DESC
manner How do I find out about jobs ?	DESC
manner How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?	DESC
ind What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?	HUM
manner How do you reference a website ?	DESC
termeq What was another name for East Germany ?	ENTY
manner How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?	DESC
count How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	NUM
date When was `` the Great Depression '' ?	NUM
def What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?	DESC
body What two body parts grow all your life ?	ENTY
color What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	ENTY
exp What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?	ABBR
event What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?	ENTY
def What is diabetes ?	DESC
period How old is Britney Spears ?	NUM
abb What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	ABBR
date When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	NUM
ind What New Orleans D.A. claimed 	HUM
def What does Melissa mean ?	DESC
ind Who was the first person to study the stars ?	HUM
other What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	DESC
desc What is difference between a poster and a print ?	DESC
other Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy	LOC
count How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	NUM
other Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?	LOC
gr What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?	HUM
reason Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?	DESC
other What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?	ENTY
ind Name 11 famous martyrs .	HUM
sport In what sport are these following numbers relevant 	ENTY
animal What 's the official animal of Canada ?	ENTY
exp What is the full form of .com ?	ABBR
other What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	ENTY
manner How did names come about ?	DESC
count How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?	NUM
count How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?	NUM
desc What does an emperor do ?	DESC
ind What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	HUM
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
count How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?	NUM
other Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?	LOC
country What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?	LOC
other What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?	LOC
food What kind of wine is Spumante ?	ENTY
manner How did Edith Bunker die ?	DESC
gr What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?	HUM
reason What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	DESC
manner How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?	DESC
city What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?	LOC
ind What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?	HUM
other What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?	LOC
other Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?	LOC
desc What happened to Pompeii ?	DESC
money How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?	NUM
count How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?	NUM
lang What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	ENTY
country Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	LOC
other What generation am I in ?	ENTY
def What is a Cartesian Diver ?	DESC
other What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?	LOC
cremat What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?	ENTY
ind What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?	HUM
other What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?	ENTY
title What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?	HUM
ind What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?	HUM
reason What makes a clitoris sensitive ?	DESC
desc What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?	DESC
ind What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?	HUM
termeq Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .	ENTY
country What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?	LOC
money How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	NUM
count How many languages does the Pope speak ?	NUM
ind What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?	HUM
perc What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
veh What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?	ENTY
count How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?	NUM
plant What is the most widely cultivated plant ?	ENTY
other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	NUM
desc What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?	DESC
def What is real time processing ?	DESC
other Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	LOC
city What is the capital of California ?	LOC
gr What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?	HUM
def What is the Bernoulli Principle ?	DESC
city What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?	LOC
termeq What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?	ENTY
count How many Superbowls have the ers won ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of childbirth ?	ENTY
other What 's bottled in jeroboams ?	ENTY
manner How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?	DESC
def What is a disaccharide ?	DESC
gr What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?	HUM
ind Who turned all he touched to gold ?	HUM
ind Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	HUM
country What country is home to Heineken beer ?	LOC
exp What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	ABBR
termeq What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	ENTY
manner How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?	DESC
def What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?	DESC
count How many chemical elements are there ?	NUM
other Where is the Orange Bowl ?	LOC
reason What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?	DESC
other What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	LOC
ind Who wrote the Bible ?	HUM
ind What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?	HUM
ind Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?	HUM
substance What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?	ENTY
country What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?	LOC
ind Who is the owner of CNN ?	HUM
city What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?	LOC
manner How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	DESC
ind What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?	HUM
ind Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	HUM
desc Who is Henry Butler ?	HUM
count How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?	NUM
reason Why do magnets attract ?	DESC
mount What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	LOC
other What are all the rivers in Europe ?	LOC
ind Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?	HUM
sport What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?	ENTY
event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	ENTY
country What countries earn the most from tourism ?	LOC
date On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	NUM
manner How do cameras take pictures ?	DESC
count How many languages are there in the world ?	NUM
termeq What 's a male witch called ?	ENTY
cremat What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	ENTY
manner How can I find online spelling ?	DESC
desc What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	DESC
termeq What does caliente translate to in English ?	ENTY
city What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?	LOC
cremat What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?	ENTY
date When did the Jurassic Period end ?	NUM
def What 's the Red Planet ?	DESC
ind What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?	HUM
other What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts 	ENTY
other Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?	LOC
gr What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	HUM
exp What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?	ABBR
ind What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?	HUM
product What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 	ENTY
reason What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	DESC
def What is a glory hole ?	DESC
date What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?	NUM
veh What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?	ENTY
ind Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?	HUM
desc What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?	DESC
def What are hook worms ?	DESC
other Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?	LOC
gr What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?	HUM
count How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	NUM
substance What is glass made of ?	ENTY
date What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?	NUM
city What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?	LOC
food What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?	ENTY
other Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?	LOC
def What is a multiplexer ?	DESC
ind Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?	HUM
date When did communist control end in Hungary ?	NUM
ind What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?	HUM
other What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?	ENTY
ind What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?	HUM
desc Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?	DESC
cremat Which is the most-used computer program ?	ENTY
other Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?	LOC
def What is leukemia ?	DESC
desc What good are mosquitoes ?	DESC
reason Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	DESC
ind Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	HUM
manner How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?	DESC
count How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	NUM
other Where did Bill Gates go to college ?	LOC
body What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?	ENTY
manner How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?	DESC
veh What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?	ENTY
ind What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?	HUM
desc What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?	DESC
other What does a spermologer collect ?	ENTY
date When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	NUM
sport What sport is played on the largest field ?	ENTY
desc What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?	DESC
manner How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	DESC
other Where did makeup originate ?	LOC
def What is the C programming language ?	DESC
cremat Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .	ENTY
ind Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?	HUM
other Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?	LOC
count How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?	NUM
desc What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	DESC
count How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?	NUM
color What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?	ENTY
ind Who does data collection in tourism ?	HUM
money How much does one ton of cement cost ?	NUM
desc Who was Maria Theresa ?	HUM
dismed What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?	ENTY
food What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?	ENTY
count How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?	NUM
cremat What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?	ENTY
word What is the most famous German word in the English language ?	ENTY
other Where did the Maya people live ?	LOC
def What is a mathematical factor ?	DESC
substance What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	ENTY
period What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?	NUM
gr Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?	HUM
money How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?	NUM
desc What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?	DESC
state What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	LOC
reason What is D.B. Cooper known for ?	DESC
other What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?	ENTY
ind What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?	HUM
other Where did Woodstock take place ?	LOC
other What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?	LOC
food What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?	ENTY
def What does idle mean ?	DESC
date In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	NUM
gr Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?	HUM
date When was Dick Clark born ?	NUM
manner How can SQL queries be improved ?	DESC
state What province is Edmonton located in ?	LOC
termeq What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?	ENTY
food What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?	ENTY
sport What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?	ENTY
count How many four star generals were there and who are they ?	NUM
animal What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of night or darkness ?	ENTY
desc What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?	DESC
date When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	NUM
cremat Name four comic strips about pilots .	ENTY
ind What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	HUM
gr What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?	HUM
desc What is the secret of the universe ?	DESC
def What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?	DESC
cremat What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?	ENTY
def What are binomial coefficients ?	DESC
count How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	NUM
gr Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?	HUM
food What was the food of the Greek gods called ?	ENTY
gr What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?	HUM
gr What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?	HUM
desc What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?	DESC
gr What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	HUM
ind Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	HUM
manner How can I get someone 's email address ?	DESC
country What country borders the most others ?	LOC
other Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	LOC
food What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?	ENTY
country What country contains the highest point in South America ?	LOC
state What is the richest state in the U.S. ?	LOC
cremat What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	ENTY
date When did Amtrak begin operations ?	NUM
other What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	LOC
def What is porphyria ?	DESC
country What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?	LOC
animal What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?	ENTY
techmeth What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	ENTY
manner How is Paraguay for vacations ?	DESC
manner How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?	DESC
country What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	LOC
country What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	LOC
food What is the most radioactive food ?	ENTY
other What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	ENTY
def What is a pyrotechnic display ?	DESC
desc What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?	DESC
def What is Linux ?	DESC
ind What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?	HUM
count How many grooves are on a dime ?	NUM
cremat What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?	ENTY
instru What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?	ENTY
state Kosovo is a province of what country ?	LOC
gr What manufacturers are there in Texas ?	HUM
reason What is the function of the appendix ?	DESC
volsize How big is the universe actually ?	NUM
count How many people have been Captain America ?	NUM
gr Who produces Spumante ?	HUM
city What is California 's capital ?	LOC
plant What are some of Australia 's native flora ?	ENTY
techmeth What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?	ENTY
period What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?	NUM
ind Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?	HUM
date When was the NFL established ?	NUM
desc What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?	DESC
mount What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	LOC
country What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?	LOC
other Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?	ENTY
date When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?	NUM
food What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?	ENTY
reason Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	DESC
desc What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?	DESC
ind Who is the current UN Secretary General ?	HUM
mount What is the world 's highest peak ?	LOC
other What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?	LOC
reason What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?	DESC
ind Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	HUM
reason Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?	DESC
def What is The Gay Science ?	DESC
word What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?	ENTY
gr What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	HUM
food What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?	ENTY
count What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?	NUM
color What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?	ENTY
city What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?	LOC
food What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?	ENTY
desc What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?	DESC
def What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	DESC
period How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?	NUM
desc What is different about the red and black fox ?	DESC
gr What organization is the Security Council a part of ?	HUM
ind Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?	HUM
gr What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?	HUM
def What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?	DESC
other What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?	ENTY
desc Who is Stein Eriksen ?	HUM
title What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?	HUM
count How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?	NUM
ind What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	HUM
other What is the population of the United States ?	NUM
other What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	ENTY
product What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?	ENTY
other Name of King Arthur 's sword ?	ENTY
veh Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?	ENTY
reason Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?	DESC
ind Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?	HUM
count How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?	NUM
other What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?	ENTY
date When does menstruation begin ?	NUM
other What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?	ENTY
ind Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?	HUM
event What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?	ENTY
gr Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?	HUM
ind Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?	HUM
gr What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	HUM
ind Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?	HUM
date What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?	NUM
def What is the executor in a will ?	DESC
product What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?	ENTY
color What color is `` ash '' ?	ENTY
ind What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?	HUM
event What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?	ENTY
ind Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	HUM
city What 's the capital of Taiwan ?	LOC
count How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?	NUM
other What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?	LOC
ind What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?	HUM
date When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	NUM
product What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of sinning ?	ENTY
date When was CNN 's first broadcast ?	NUM
ind Who is the father of the computer ?	HUM
termeq What is the term for a group of geese ?	ENTY
count Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?	NUM
manner How does a submarine operate ?	DESC
gr What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?	HUM
dist How tall was the animated Frankenstein	NUM
other What kind of science is cosmology ?	ENTY
instru Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?	ENTY
cremat What novel has Big Brother watching ?	ENTY
termeq What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?	ENTY
other Where did the world come from ?	LOC
sport What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?	ENTY
manner How do I know if I am pregnant ?	DESC
city What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	LOC
ind What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?	HUM
ind What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?	HUM
city What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?	LOC
instru What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?	ENTY
ind Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?	HUM
animal What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?	ENTY
other Where can I find the status of my tax return ?	LOC
ind What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	HUM
def What does the word terrorism mean ?	DESC
ind Who is the premier of China ?	HUM
count How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters 	NUM
count How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?	NUM
city What is the most populated city in the world ?	LOC
def What is Zionism ?	DESC
event What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?	ENTY
temp What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?	NUM
other What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?	LOC
ind Who is the fastest guitarist ?	HUM
other What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?	ENTY
plant What plants are found in an estuary ?	ENTY
ind What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?	HUM
manner How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?	DESC
ind What famous comic strip character died of acne ?	HUM
def What is idealab ! ?	DESC
manner How can I get a CCT diagram ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of black people ?	ENTY
animal What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?	ENTY
ind What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
other What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?	LOC
other What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of low island ?	DESC
dist How tall was the animated King Kong ?	NUM
cremat What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?	ENTY
other Where is the Orinoco ?	LOC
def What is Linux ?	DESC
manner How do you make dumplings ?	DESC
gr What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?	HUM
manner How do you ask questions ?	DESC
desc What are the benefits of home school ?	DESC
country What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	LOC
manner How is energy created ?	DESC
dismed What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?	ENTY
cremat What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?	ENTY
other What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?	LOC
gr What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?	HUM
other What video format was an alternative to VHS ?	ENTY
period How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?	NUM
reason Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	DESC
cremat Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?	ENTY
lang Name a Gaelic language .	ENTY
state What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?	LOC
def What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?	DESC
reason Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	DESC
date In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?	NUM
ind Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	HUM
city What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?	LOC
count How many different countries export coffee ?	NUM
cremat What does Knight Ridder publish ?	ENTY
other What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	LOC
desc What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?	DESC
count How many years old is Benny Carter ?	NUM
country What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?	LOC
word What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	ENTY
ind What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?	HUM
ind What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?	HUM
city What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?	LOC
ind Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	HUM
desc What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?	DESC
cremat What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	ENTY
ind Who did Dita Beard work for ?	HUM
other Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?	LOC
money How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?	NUM
desc What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	DESC
count How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?	NUM
ind What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?	HUM
ind Who said 	HUM
desc What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?	DESC
other What does a collier mine ?	ENTY
other What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	LOC
country What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?	LOC
date When did the art of quilting begin ?	NUM
city What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	LOC
dismed What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?	ENTY
count How many varieties of apple are there ?	NUM
gr What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?	HUM
ind What World War II leader declared 	HUM
def What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	DESC
ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	NUM
exp CPR is the abbreviation for what ?	ABBR
manner How do you box train a cat ?	DESC
other Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?	LOC
money What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	NUM
exp What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?	ABBR
state What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?	LOC
other What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?	ENTY
exp What does BUD stand for ?	ABBR
dismed What is a fear of points ?	ENTY
state What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?	LOC
ind What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?	HUM
ind Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?	HUM
ind Who designed London Bridge ?	HUM
date When was Babe Ruth born ?	NUM
reason Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	DESC
def What is meant by `` capital market '' ?	DESC
def What is an Angelus ?	DESC
other What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?	ENTY
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
manner How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of odors , body , ?	ENTY
gr Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?	HUM
techmeth What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?	ENTY
ind What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?	HUM
gr What company sells the most greeting cards ?	HUM
def What are the seven virtues ?	DESC
count How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?	NUM
event What was the longest war in U.S. history ?	ENTY
reason Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?	DESC
dismed What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?	ENTY
cremat What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?	ENTY
ind Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?	HUM
gr What is the best distance education university or college ?	HUM
period How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?	NUM
ind Who is the richest person in the world ?	HUM
manner How do I give a good massage ?	DESC
count How many endangered species are there in the world ?	NUM
cremat What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?	ENTY
ind Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .	HUM
other What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?	LOC
gr What is the best Internet business to go into ?	HUM
count How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?	NUM
animal What kind of creature is a coot ?	ENTY
date When is a woman most fertile ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of going to bed ?	ENTY
other Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?	LOC
other What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?	LOC
city What city does Orly Airport serve ?	LOC
ind Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?	HUM
cremat In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?	ENTY
desc What is the difference between love and infatuation ?	DESC
animal What 's the official animal of Canada ?	ENTY
other What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	ENTY
other Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?	ENTY
other Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	LOC
manner How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?	DESC
count How many astronauts have been on the moon ?	NUM
manner How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	DESC
ind What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?	HUM
ind Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 	HUM
def What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	DESC
ind Who patented the first phonograph ?	HUM
desc Who is Shirley MacLaine ?	HUM
count How many islands does Fiji have ?	NUM
other What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?	ENTY
count How many people hike ?	NUM
cremat In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	ENTY
count How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?	NUM
volsize How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?	DESC
ind Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	HUM
perc What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?	NUM
desc What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?	DESC
date What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?	NUM
other What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?	LOC
cremat What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?	ENTY
reason Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?	DESC
manner How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?	DESC
ind Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	HUM
reason What makes a tornado turn ?	DESC
other What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?	ENTY
count How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?	NUM
exp What does BUD stand for ?	ABBR
gr What is the world 's largest distilling company ?	HUM
def What is a bourdon tube ?	DESC
title What is Larry King 's occupation ?	HUM
exp What is RAM in the computer ?	ABBR
country What country contains the highest point in South America ?	LOC
money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	NUM
other Where did Dylan Thomas die ?	LOC
other Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?	LOC
event What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?	ENTY
other Where is your corpus callosum ?	LOC
food What do ladybugs eat ?	ENTY
date What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?	NUM
city What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?	LOC
ind Who killed Gandhi ?	HUM
desc What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?	DESC
ind Who discovered electricity ?	HUM
animal What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?	ENTY
termeq What is a 2-sided object called ?	ENTY
cremat What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	ENTY
food What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?	ENTY
desc What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?	DESC
ind Whose first presidential order was 	HUM
ind What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?	HUM
ind Which of these are authors ?	HUM
def What is dew point ?	DESC
cremat What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?	ENTY
def What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?	DESC
count How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	NUM
volsize What is the size of Argentina ?	NUM
sport What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?	ENTY
ind Name 11 famous martyrs .	HUM
code What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?	NUM
other What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?	LOC
other What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?	ENTY
other What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	ENTY
gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	HUM
termeq What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?	ENTY
city What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?	LOC
date In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?	NUM
country What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?	LOC
product Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	ENTY
city What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?	LOC
cremat What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	ENTY
ind What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?	HUM
ind Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?	HUM
other What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	ENTY
date When was the USSR dissolved ?	NUM
city What is the capital of Congo ?	LOC
manner How do you select wine ?	DESC
dist What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?	NUM
sport What international sport was originally called hurley ?	ENTY
gr Who built the first pyramid ?	HUM
animal Name a tiger that is extinct .	ENTY
def What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?	DESC
date When was Calypso music invented ?	NUM
manner How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	DESC
gr Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a college and a university ?	DESC
cremat What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?	ENTY
mount Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?	DESC
def What is a gandy dancer ?	DESC
weight How many pounds are there in a stone ?	NUM
substance What fuel do airplanes use ?	ENTY
count How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?	NUM
def What does gringo mean ?	DESC
other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	NUM
food What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	ENTY
def What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?	DESC
city What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?	LOC
other Where did he get the title ?	LOC
country What country has the largest sheep population ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of food ?	ENTY
country What are the three most populated countries in the world ?	LOC
other What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	ENTY
count What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	NUM
termeq What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	ENTY
other Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	LOC
cremat In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?	ENTY
gr What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?	HUM
cremat What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?	ENTY
other What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?	ENTY
termeq What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?	ENTY
other What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?	LOC
def What is a wop ?	DESC
perc What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the atom ?	DESC
cremat What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	ENTY
desc Where do rocks come from ?	DESC
cremat What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	ENTY
gr What is the world 's largest distilling company ?	HUM
country What country was Kim Philby really working for ?	LOC
gr What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?	HUM
def What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	DESC
ind Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?	HUM
country What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?	LOC
ind Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	HUM
animal What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?	ENTY
ind Who followed Caesar ?	HUM
date In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	NUM
date When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	NUM
ind What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?	HUM
count How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?	NUM
manner How did names come about ?	DESC
period How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?	NUM
gr What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?	HUM
reason What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?	DESC
cremat What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	ENTY
other Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?	ENTY
desc What is the weather like on the moon ?	DESC
date What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?	NUM
cremat What was the first video ever made ?	ENTY
desc What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?	DESC
other Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?	LOC
other Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?	LOC
other What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?	ENTY
ind Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?	HUM
other What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?	ENTY
manner How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	DESC
dismed What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	ENTY
def What is the chemiosmotic theory ?	DESC
ind Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .	HUM
other What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	LOC
other Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?	LOC
dist How tall is Prince Charles ?	NUM
food What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?	ENTY
other What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?	ENTY
desc Who is Charles Lindbergh ?	HUM
volsize How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	NUM
count How many horses are there on a polo team ?	NUM
def What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?	DESC
def What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?	DESC
ind Who invented the toothbrush ?	HUM
country What nationality is Gorbachev ?	LOC
date When did Charles Lindbergh die ?	NUM
other Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	LOC
lang What is the primary language of the Philippines ?	ENTY
count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	NUM
count How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?	NUM
event What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?	ENTY
ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	NUM
state What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	LOC
ind What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	HUM
ind Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	HUM
reason Why does a candle need a wick ?	DESC
other What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	ENTY
other What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?	ENTY
substance What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?	ENTY
ind What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	HUM
food What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?	ENTY
ind What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?	HUM
manner How do I love thee ?	DESC
def What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	DESC
ind What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?	HUM
sport What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?	ENTY
ind Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?	HUM
other What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?	ENTY
techmeth What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
country Which country did Hitler rule ?	LOC
date What day of the week was July 13 ?	NUM
ind Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	HUM
reason Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?	DESC
other What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?	LOC
other Where did Woodstock take place ?	LOC
count How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	NUM
def What does hazmat stand for ?	DESC
other Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?	LOC
ind What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?	HUM
temp What is the temperature today ?	NUM
def What is prepared mustard ?	DESC
ind What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?	HUM
other What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?	ENTY
money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	NUM
country What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?	LOC
def What was archy , and mehitabel ?	DESC
date In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?	NUM
desc What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?	DESC
other What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	LOC
manner How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?	DESC
veh Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .	ENTY
country What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?	LOC
ind Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?	HUM
other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?	NUM
body What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?	ENTY
manner How do you dunk ?	DESC
termeq Mississippi is nicknamed what ?	ENTY
ind Who penned 	HUM
ind What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	HUM
ind Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?	HUM
other Where is Guam ?	LOC
ind Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?	HUM
other Where is the largest dam in the world ?	LOC
color What 's the most popular contact lens color ?	ENTY
other Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	LOC
def What does the word `` opera '' mean ?	DESC
ind Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?	HUM
count How many islands make up Antigua ?	NUM
abb What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	ABBR
ind Who is the Prophet of Medina ?	HUM
other Where are the busiest ports in the world ?	LOC
animal What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	HUM
ind What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?	HUM
date When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?	NUM
cremat What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?	ENTY
other Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?	LOC
gr What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?	HUM
desc What is he doing now ?	DESC
other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	LOC
manner How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?	DESC
date What is the date of Bastille Day ?	NUM
manner How do you find oxidation numbers ?	DESC
termeq Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .	ENTY
count How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?	NUM
other Where did the Mayan Indians live ?	LOC
ind Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?	HUM
ind What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?	HUM
manner How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?	DESC
event What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?	ENTY
count How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?	NUM
ind What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	HUM
count How many horses died during the civil war ?	NUM
count How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?	NUM
cremat What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?	ENTY
date When is Boxing Day ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of sourness ?	ENTY
count How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?	NUM
other What attracts tourists to Reims ?	LOC
def What is titanium ?	DESC
country What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?	LOC
other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	LOC
desc Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	DESC
desc What happens to used motor oil ?	DESC
date In what year was the Wall built ?	NUM
desc What does a nihilist believe in ?	DESC
city What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?	LOC
other What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?	LOC
exp What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	ABBR
period How old is Benny Carter ?	NUM
def What is Candlemas Day ?	DESC
sport What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	ENTY
other What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	LOC
manner How does a parachute work ?	DESC
other What is Bill Gross 's email address ?	LOC
country What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?	LOC
animal What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?	ENTY
other Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?	LOC
other What was George Washington afraid of ?	ENTY
gr What is the best college in the country ?	HUM
money How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
desc What effect does a prism have on light ?	DESC
food What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?	HUM
perc What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	NUM
perc What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	NUM
city Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	LOC
def What is the meaning of the name Ella ?	DESC
other What is the population of Ohio ?	NUM
manner How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?	DESC
other What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?	LOC
reason Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?	DESC
manner How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?	DESC
product What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?	ENTY
substance What are the most common elements in seawater ?	ENTY
country What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?	LOC
title What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?	HUM
gr What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	HUM
cremat What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?	ENTY
manner How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?	DESC
title What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?	HUM
techmeth What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	ENTY
other Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	LOC
termeq What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?	ENTY
date When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?	NUM
gr What university fired Angela Davis ?	HUM
ind Who invented the paper clip ?	HUM
ind What cigar-chewing comedian observed 	HUM
termeq Aspartame is also called what ?	ENTY
date When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?	NUM
other What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?	LOC
count How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?	NUM
dismed What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?	ENTY
ind What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	HUM
other What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of food ?	ENTY
ind Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	HUM
date What year did Montana become a state ?	NUM
other On what river is Strasbourg built ?	LOC
other What sea is Bombay on ?	LOC
reason What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?	DESC
manner How do I find a city if I have the area code ?	DESC
other To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	ENTY
gr What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?	HUM
def What are liver enzymes ?	DESC
state What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?	LOC
other What is April 's gemstone ?	ENTY
termeq What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?	ENTY
other What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?	LOC
ind Who is the leader of India ?	HUM
country What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?	LOC
money How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
ind What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?	HUM
termeq What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?	ENTY
desc Who was Monet ?	HUM
other Where are the Union Stockyards ?	LOC
ind Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?	HUM
def What are Bellworts ?	DESC
def What is Bombay duck ?	DESC
period What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?	NUM
manner How do birds have sex ?	DESC
desc What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?	DESC
money What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?	NUM
country What country did the Nile River originate in ?	LOC
date When was the San Francisco fire ?	NUM
veh What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?	ENTY
sport What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?	ENTY
count How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	NUM
lang Which language has the most words ?	ENTY
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
def What is making love ?	DESC
cremat What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?	ENTY
other What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?	ENTY
state What state is Mount McKinley in ?	LOC
reason Why is the grass green ?	DESC
date What date did man first land on the moon ?	NUM
def What is deadrise , nautical , ?	DESC
ind What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	HUM
ind What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?	HUM
manner How do they find an epicenter ?	DESC
def What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?	DESC
date When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?	NUM
termeq What is the dot on an the letter i called ?	ENTY
def What is the Lost Colony ?	DESC
event The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?	ENTY
ind What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word nevermind ?	DESC
ind What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?	HUM
word What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?	ENTY
ind Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?	HUM
date When is a woman most fertile ?	NUM
count How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	NUM
reason Colin Powell is famous for what ?	DESC
animal Name a tiger that is extinct .	ENTY
desc What are the side effects of mevacor ?	DESC
country What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?	LOC
ind Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	HUM
other Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	LOC
ind Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?	HUM
animal What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?	ENTY
food Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?	ENTY
termeq What are dinosaur droppings called ?	ENTY
reason What causes tuberculosis ?	DESC
period How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?	NUM
ind What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	HUM
count How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?	NUM
gr What was called the world 's largest department store ?	HUM
food What did brontosauruses eat ?	ENTY
ind What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?	HUM
other Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?	LOC
veh What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?	ENTY
ind What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?	HUM
manner How can I find out my biorhythm ?	DESC
ind Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?	HUM
count How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	NUM
other Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	LOC
manner How is an executioner determined ?	DESC
manner How do you throw a housewarming party ?	DESC
country What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?	LOC
period How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?	NUM
def What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	DESC
desc What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	DESC
title What does Larry King do for a living ?	HUM
count How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?	NUM
other Where is Dartmouth College ?	LOC
gr What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?	HUM
state What U.S. state ends with a G ?	LOC
other What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?	ENTY
def What is a bourdon tube ?	DESC
cremat What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	ENTY
def What is a hydrogen bond ?	DESC
def Define cosmology .	DESC
country What country boasts the most dams ?	LOC
manner How can I find out my Moon sign ?	DESC
date When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?	NUM
other What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the fountain ?	HUM
animal What animals do you find in the stock market ?	ENTY
ind Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	HUM
def What is `` dew point '' ?	DESC
ind Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?	HUM
reason What is the function of the appendix ?	DESC
count How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters 	NUM
other What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	ENTY
ind What was Thatcher 's first name ?	HUM
desc What is the secret of the universe ?	DESC
other What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?	LOC
gr What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	HUM
date What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?	NUM
ind Who earns their money the hard way ?	HUM
other Where was Tesla born ?	LOC
gr What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?	HUM
def What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?	DESC
def What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?	DESC
desc What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?	DESC
ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	HUM
period How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	NUM
city What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?	LOC
city What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?	LOC
other What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?	ENTY
ind Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?	HUM
other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	LOC
manner How does a hurricane form ?	DESC
def What 's a short ton ?	DESC
cremat Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?	ENTY
period What age is Benny Carter ?	NUM
ind What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?	HUM
state What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?	LOC
ind Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?	HUM
other What planet gave bith to Superman ?	LOC
product What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?	ENTY
manner How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?	DESC
manner How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?	DESC
ind Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	HUM
ind Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	HUM
date When was Nostradamus born ?	NUM
substance What are the four elements ?	ENTY
desc Who was Quetzalcoatl ?	HUM
reason Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?	DESC
exp What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?	ABBR
other What does a woman want ?	ENTY
def What does palindromic mean ?	DESC
manner How do you match a name to a social security number ?	DESC
substance What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	ENTY
dismed What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?	ENTY
dismed What is the fear of frogs ?	ENTY
ind Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	HUM
ind What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?	HUM
other Where is the group M People from ?	LOC
techmeth What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?	ENTY
ind Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?	HUM
gr Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .	HUM
manner How did Bob Marley die ?	DESC
dist How far can a human eye see ?	NUM
ind Who did the Seven Mules block for ?	HUM
ind What character narrates Treasure Island ?	HUM
other What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?	LOC
def What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	DESC
def What is osteichthyes ?	DESC
other Where is the Loop ?	LOC
def What does Venus Retrograde mean ?	DESC
other Where is McCarren Airport ?	LOC
cremat What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?	ENTY
other Where is Logan Airport ?	LOC
count How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	NUM
count How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	NUM
reason Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?	DESC
ind Who discovered electricity ?	HUM
reason What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	DESC
gr Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?	HUM
manner How do you become a dentist ?	DESC
count How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?	NUM
ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	HUM
dismed What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?	ENTY
other What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?	LOC
count How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?	NUM
period How long do flies live ?	NUM
other What does a pedometer measure ?	ENTY
other What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?	ENTY
other What ocean does Mauritania border ?	LOC
count How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?	NUM
count How many bones are there in the human hand ?	NUM
other Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?	LOC
gr What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?	HUM
country Which Latin American country is the largest ?	LOC
other Where can I get mailing lists ?	LOC
cremat What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	ENTY
reason Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?	DESC
sport What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?	ENTY
ind Who invented the road traffic cone ?	HUM
def What is chromatology ?	DESC
other Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?	LOC
mount Name the highest mountain .	LOC
money What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?	NUM
speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	NUM
event What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	ENTY
def What is osmosis ?	DESC
ind Who won the first World Series ?	HUM
product What toy can you make sleep ?	ENTY
ind What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?	HUM
date When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?	NUM
count How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	NUM
date What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''	NUM
city What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?	LOC
def What is Boston Kreme ?	DESC
ind Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?	HUM
event What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?	ENTY
manner How was the ACLU formed ?	DESC
ind Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	HUM
count How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?	NUM
gr Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	HUM
other What is Answers.com 's address ?	LOC
food What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?	ENTY
date When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	NUM
other Where can one find Mozambique ?	LOC
reason Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?	DESC
gr Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?	HUM
ind Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?	HUM
ind Who found Hawaii ?	HUM
reason What causes blue balls ?	DESC
ind Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	HUM
other Where was George Washington born ?	LOC
ind What is Goldfinger 's first name ?	HUM
def What does Melissa mean ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of passing high objects ?	ENTY
date When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?	NUM
ind Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?	HUM
sport What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?	ENTY
reason What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?	DESC
ind What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	HUM
def What is a mathematical factor ?	DESC
ind Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?	HUM
ind Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?	HUM
dismed What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	ENTY
desc What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	DESC
exp What does e.g. stand for ?	ABBR
animal What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?	ENTY
def What is a virtual IP address ?	DESC
manner How do I find a web address for a company ?	DESC
other What county is Chicago in ?	LOC
count What is the goat population of the world ?	NUM
state What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	LOC
manner How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?	DESC
country What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?	LOC
dismed What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?	ENTY
exp What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?	ABBR
ind Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?	HUM
title What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	HUM
ind Who invented panties ?	HUM
food What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?	ENTY
count How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?	NUM
other Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?	LOC
count How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	NUM
other What scale measures earthquakes ?	ENTY
animal What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?	ENTY
count How many people are taller than 7 feet ?	NUM
cremat What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?	ENTY
gr What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of trees ?	ENTY
perc What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?	NUM
date In what year did Thatcher gain power ?	NUM
other Where is your corpus callosum ?	LOC
product What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	ENTY
other What does a resurrectionist steal ?	ENTY
other What river runs through Liverpool ?	LOC
def What are tannins ?	DESC
country What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	LOC
manner How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	DESC
ind Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?	HUM
other What is widely used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
manner How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?	DESC
count How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?	NUM
manner How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?	DESC
manner How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?	DESC
sport What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?	DESC
other Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	LOC
event What was the longest war in U.S. history ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?	HUM
ind Which two inventors invented Post-its ?	HUM
other Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?	LOC
count How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?	NUM
manner How do you tell somebody you like them ?	DESC
date What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?	NUM
techmeth What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?	ENTY
count How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?	NUM
ind What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?	HUM
count How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?	NUM
techmeth What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?	ENTY
body Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?	ENTY
lang Which language has the most words ?	ENTY
ind Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	HUM
date On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?	NUM
count How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?	NUM
mount Where is the highest point in Japan ?	LOC
state What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?	LOC
money What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?	NUM
count How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?	NUM
other Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?	LOC
veh What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?	ENTY
cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?	ENTY
desc What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?	DESC
count How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?	NUM
ind Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?	HUM
date When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?	NUM
animal What kind of mammal is a colt ?	ENTY
ind What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?	HUM
desc What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	DESC
veh What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of yo-yos ?	DESC
ind What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?	HUM
ind What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?	HUM
count What is the current population for these countries 	NUM
city Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?	LOC
title What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?	HUM
country What country borders Denmark to the south ?	LOC
count How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?	NUM
count How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?	NUM
other What are tourist attractions in Reims ?	LOC
cremat What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?	ENTY
dismed What is the fear of cockroaches called ?	ENTY
def What is literary criticism ?	DESC
manner How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	DESC
period What is the average time to kiss somene ?	NUM
other Where is Mile High Stadium ?	LOC
animal What do peacocks mate with ?	ENTY
cremat What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''	ENTY
sport In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	ENTY
termeq What is the dot on an the letter i called ?	ENTY
money What debts did Qintex group leave ?	NUM
count How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?	NUM
date When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	NUM
reason Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?	DESC
other What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?	LOC
date What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?	NUM
count What is the world population as of today ?	NUM
dismed What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?	DESC
food What do ladybugs eat ?	ENTY
ind What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?	HUM
ind Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?	HUM
cremat What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	ENTY
country What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?	LOC
def What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?	DESC
other What is the population of Mozambique ?	NUM
other Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?	LOC
other What is the largest office block in the world ?	LOC
sport What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?	ENTY
count How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?	NUM
mount What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?	LOC
count How many counties are in Indiana ?	NUM
gr What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	HUM
dist How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	NUM
ind Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?	HUM
other Name a civil war battlefield .	LOC
word What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?	ENTY
period How old is the universe ?	NUM
food What ice creams contain seaweed ?	ENTY
count What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?	NUM
other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	LOC
ind Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?	HUM
ind What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?	HUM
ind Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?	HUM
count How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?	NUM
other What is the best online games site ?	LOC
abb What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
date When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	NUM
reason Why is Chicago named Chicago ?	DESC
animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .	ENTY
count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	NUM
count How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	NUM
ind Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	HUM
country What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?	LOC
def What is a wart ?	DESC
termeq What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?	ENTY
reason Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	DESC
cremat Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .	ENTY
count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	NUM
other What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?	ENTY
count How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?	NUM
other What is the location of McCarren Airport ?	LOC
other What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	ENTY
ind Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?	HUM
ind What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?	HUM
manner How was the element calcium named ?	DESC
ind Who domesticated the wild turkey ?	HUM
other What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?	NUM
sport What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?	ENTY
cremat What did Aaron Hass write ?	ENTY
def What is a heuristic ?	DESC
money How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	NUM
sport What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?	ENTY
ind What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?	HUM
cremat What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?	ENTY
temp How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?	NUM
money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?	NUM
sport In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?	ENTY
product What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	ENTY
def What is an isthmus ?	DESC
cremat What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	ENTY
ind Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?	HUM
other What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	ENTY
def What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?	DESC
def What is cache memory ?	DESC
cremat What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?	ENTY
def What is `` dew point '' ?	DESC
ind Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?	HUM
ind What is her husband 's name ?	HUM
techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?	ENTY
ind Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	HUM
ind What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?	HUM
ind Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?	HUM
reason Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	DESC
other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	NUM
manner How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?	DESC
ind Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .	HUM
other Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?	LOC
count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	NUM
ind Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?	HUM
other Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	LOC
country What are the Benelux countries ?	LOC
dist How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?	NUM
date What century does Captain Video live in ?	NUM
ind What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?	HUM
money How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,	NUM
techmeth What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?	ENTY
ind What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	HUM
desc What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	DESC
ind Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?	HUM
date What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?	NUM
termeq What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?	ENTY
ind Which king signed the Magna Carta ?	HUM
manner How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	DESC
other Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?	LOC
other What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?	ENTY
cremat What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?	ENTY
period How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?	NUM
ind Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?	HUM
other Where is the biggest bell ?	LOC
word What is the longest word in the English language ?	ENTY
ind What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?	HUM
count How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?	NUM
substance What is the second hardest substance ?	ENTY
reason Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?	DESC
country What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?	LOC
count How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?	NUM
reason Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?	DESC
money What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	NUM
desc What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	DESC
exp What does MSG stand for ?	ABBR
ind What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?	HUM
date What is the first day of the week ?	NUM
manner How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars	DESC
count How many grooves are on a dime ?	NUM
speed How fast do cheetahs run ?	NUM
dist How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?	NUM
animal What horse did Zorro ride ?	ENTY
count How much electricity does the brain need to work ?	NUM
ind What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	HUM
ind What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?	HUM
manner How does an ion drive work ?	DESC
body The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	ENTY
ind What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized 	HUM
ind Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?	HUM
count How many meters are in a mile ?	NUM
dist How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	NUM
termeq What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?	ENTY
sport What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?	ENTY
count How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?	NUM
count How many verses are in the Bible ?	NUM
desc What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	DESC
event What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?	ENTY
other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
count How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?	NUM
ind What doctor claimed in a 1946 book 	HUM
def What was the filling in the first golf balls ?	DESC
manner How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	DESC
ind What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?	HUM
other Where was the first restaurant ?	LOC
manner How do companies cut paper so thin ?	DESC
letter What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?	ENTY
ind Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?	HUM
dist How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	NUM
count How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	NUM
ind What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	HUM
abb What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?	ABBR
money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?	NUM
ind What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?	HUM
def What is a Jellicle Cat ?	DESC
ind Whose cupboard was bare ?	HUM
def What are boxcars ?	DESC
desc What do Christian Scientists believe in ?	DESC
count How many years make up a lustrum ?	NUM
def What is paracetamol ?	DESC
animal What animal 's tail is called a brush ?	ENTY
sport In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	ENTY
other Where is South Bend ?	LOC
animal What species is a colt ?	ENTY
word What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?	ENTY
gr What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?	HUM
date When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	NUM
manner How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?	DESC
other What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?	LOC
city What United States city produces the most oil ?	LOC
gr Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?	HUM
other Where did Honecker rule ?	LOC
def What is La Nina ?	DESC
count How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	NUM
word What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	ENTY
ind When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?	HUM
event What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	ENTY
other What is the frequency of VHF ?	NUM
reason Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?	DESC
ind What baseball player was walked the most times ?	HUM
def What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	DESC
desc What should you do for an ankle sprain ?	DESC
other Where did surfing originate ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of home surroundings ?	ENTY
ind Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?	HUM
desc Who is Colin Powell ?	HUM
ind Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?	HUM
sport What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?	ENTY
other Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?	LOC
money How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	NUM
country What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	LOC
animal What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?	ENTY
country What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?	LOC
country What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?	LOC
word What six words follow the line 	ENTY
ind What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	HUM
desc Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	HUM
reason Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?	DESC
cremat What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?	ENTY
volsize How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	NUM
ind Who was the inventor of the stove ?	HUM
other What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	LOC
gr What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	HUM
cremat What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?	ENTY
desc What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?	DESC
other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
desc Describe the Long March .	DESC
ind Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?	HUM
reason What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	DESC
def Define the Pheonix Club ?	DESC
ind What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?	HUM
city What is the capital of Uruguay ?	LOC
gr What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?	HUM
cremat What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?	ENTY
desc What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?	DESC
other Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?	LOC
ind Who did Dita Beard work for ?	HUM
def What is the executor in a will ?	DESC
country What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?	LOC
ind What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?	HUM
ind Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?	HUM
date In what year was the cannon invented ?	NUM
date When was the G7 group of nations formed ?	NUM
gr What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	HUM
abb What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	ABBR
ind What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	HUM
manner How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?	DESC
desc What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?	DESC
other Where was Pythagoras born ?	LOC
other What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?	ENTY
desc Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?	HUM
veh What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?	ENTY
techmeth What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
desc What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	DESC
period What is the average age a horse lives ?	NUM
reason What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?	DESC
ind What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?	HUM
perc What percentage of the body is muscle ?	NUM
other What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?	LOC
ind Who owns CNN ?	HUM
ind Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?	HUM
country In what country is Lund ?	LOC
manner How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?	DESC
speed How fast can a Corvette go ?	NUM
city What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?	LOC
count How many people died in the Vietnam war ?	NUM
count How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	NUM
date In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?	NUM
other What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?	LOC
def What are field effect transistors ?	DESC
word What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?	ENTY
cremat What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?	ENTY
letter What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?	ENTY
country Name the largest country in South America .	LOC
ind Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	HUM
money What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	NUM
reason What is Archimedes famous for ?	DESC
ind Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?	HUM
date When did Charles Lindbergh die ?	NUM
other What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	ENTY
animal What do you call a group of geese ?	ENTY
food Madonna hocks which soft drink ?	ENTY
ind What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?	HUM
def What is the nature of learning ?	DESC
other What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?	ENTY
sport What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	ENTY
dist How tall is the Matterhorn ?	NUM
substance What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?	ENTY
ind What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?	HUM
manner How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?	DESC
dismed What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	ENTY
cremat What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?	ENTY
color What colors is magenta made of ?	ENTY
animal What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
ind Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?	HUM
other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?	ENTY
city What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?	LOC
animal What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?	ENTY
date Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?	NUM
title What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?	HUM
other What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	ENTY
exp What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	ABBR
country What country 's capital is Lagos ?	LOC
ind Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?	HUM
manner How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	DESC
ind What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?	HUM
other What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?	LOC
ind Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?	HUM
ind The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?	HUM
ind Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	HUM
date What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?	NUM
other What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	LOC
count How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	NUM
ind Who is the worst US President ever ?	HUM
date What season begins with the vernal equinox ?	NUM
desc What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?	DESC
desc What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?	DESC
state What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?	LOC
money What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?	NUM
desc What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?	DESC
gr What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?	HUM
count How many objects orbit the Earth ?	NUM
country What is a country that starts with the letter x ?	LOC
other What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	LOC
abb What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
cremat What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	ENTY
other Where are zebras most likely found ?	LOC
count How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	NUM
reason Why are organ transplants more successful today ?	DESC
techmeth What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?	ENTY
other What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?	LOC
ind Who killed Martin Luther King ?	HUM
count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	NUM
product What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?	ENTY
exp What does RCA stand for ?	ABBR
other Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?	LOC
ind What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?	HUM
desc What is the history of the hairdryer ?	DESC
date What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	NUM
count How many words are there in the Spanish language ?	NUM
def What are equity securities ?	DESC
gr Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?	HUM
exp What does NASA stand for ?	ABBR
ind What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	HUM
ind Who shoplifts ?	HUM
ind What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?	HUM
def What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	DESC
techmeth What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?	ENTY
money By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?	NUM
color What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?	ENTY
gr What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?	HUM
def What is chromatology ?	DESC
count How many questions do you have on your database ?	NUM
def What is the circumorbital hematoma ?	DESC
city What is the largest city in Connecticut ?	LOC
state What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?	LOC
reason Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?	DESC
city Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	LOC
count How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?	NUM
count How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?	NUM
cremat What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?	ENTY
other What is the largest office block in the world ?	LOC
other Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?	LOC
ind What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?	HUM
ind What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	HUM
def What is the meaning of thalassemia ?	DESC
desc Who was Jean Nicolet ?	HUM
other What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?	NUM
country What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?	LOC
sport What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?	ENTY
def What is Doegs ?	DESC
date What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?	NUM
city What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?	LOC
ind Who invented the stethoscope ?	HUM
sport What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?	ENTY
gr What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?	HUM
reason Why did the chicken cross the road ?	DESC
other Where in the United States do people live the longest ?	LOC
animal Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	ENTY
date When was the bar-code invented ?	NUM
city What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?	LOC
animal What are the snakes of New England ?	ENTY
ind Who invented basketball ?	HUM
ind Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?	HUM
word What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?	ENTY
substance What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	ENTY
ind What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?	HUM
letter What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?	ENTY
ind What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?	HUM
manner How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	DESC
animal Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	ENTY
count How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?	NUM
techmeth What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	ENTY
def What is a storm surge ?	DESC
gr What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?	HUM
techmeth What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?	ENTY
other What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?	LOC
country What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?	LOC
ind Who were the five Marx brothers ?	HUM
cremat What is the first book of the Old Testament ?	ENTY
ind Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?	HUM
date When is Bastille Day ?	NUM
other What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?	ENTY
animal What predators exist on Antarctica ?	ENTY
reason What is the function of RAM ?	DESC
termeq What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	ENTY
ind Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?	HUM
exp CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	ABBR
ind Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?	HUM
cremat What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?	ENTY
ind Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?	HUM
techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?	ENTY
other Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	LOC
def What is recruitment interview technique ?	DESC
country What two countries in South America are landlocked ?	LOC
ind Who is the prime minister of Japan ?	HUM
manner How do fuel injectors work ?	DESC
manner How has TV affected our society ?	DESC
count How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?	NUM
other Where was chop suey invented ?	LOC
desc Who was William Henry Harrison ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word assassinate ?	DESC
ind In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?	HUM
dist How far is London UK from California ?	NUM
ind Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	HUM
ind Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?	HUM
other What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	LOC
other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	LOC
desc Who is Terrence Malick ?	HUM
sport What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?	ENTY
food What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?	ENTY
other Where did bocci originate ?	LOC
weight What is the average weight for a man ?	NUM
gr Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	HUM
reason What makes thunder ?	DESC
gr Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .	HUM
gr What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?	HUM
count How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	NUM
ind What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?	HUM
ind Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?	HUM
city What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	LOC
manner How does it make its colors ?	DESC
other Where 's the GUM department store ?	LOC
country What country borders Denmark to the south ?	LOC
manner How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?	DESC
manner How do I get another city 's newspaper ?	DESC
count How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?	NUM
food What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?	ENTY
date What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?	NUM
other What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?	ENTY
desc What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?	DESC
other Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	LOC
ind What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?	HUM
def What is the chemiosmotic theory ?	DESC
gr What company sells the most greeting cards ?	HUM
cremat What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?	ENTY
money How much does the President get paid ?	NUM
ind Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?	HUM
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
other What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?	ENTY
count How many questions do you have on your database ?	NUM
desc What is the origin of the word assassinate ?	DESC
other What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?	ENTY
money What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?	NUM
ind Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	HUM
desc What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?	DESC
ind What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?	HUM
manner How do I impress a guy ?	DESC
ind What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?	HUM
food What do river otters eat ?	ENTY
other Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?	LOC
temp How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
reason What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	DESC
ind In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?	HUM
desc What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	DESC
count How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?	NUM
desc What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?	DESC
ind What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	HUM
animal What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	ENTY
count How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?	NUM
country What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	LOC
ind What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?	HUM
desc What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?	HUM
def What is a dental root canal ?	DESC
count How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	NUM
ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	HUM
dismed What is a fear of robbers ?	ENTY
title What is Larry King 's occupation ?	HUM
other What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	ENTY
def What was The Living Room War ?	DESC
cremat What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?	ENTY
ind Who created Maudie Frickett ?	HUM
ind Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?	HUM
ind Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?	HUM
other What does it take to be a hero ?	ENTY
other Where is the Orange Bowl ?	LOC
def What does the name Jenna mean ?	DESC
city What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?	LOC
date When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?	NUM
ind What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?	HUM
other Where is Ayer 's rock ?	LOC
ind Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	HUM
def What does camera-ready art mean ?	DESC
substance What is the Taj Majal made of ?	ENTY
def What is the circumorbital hematoma ?	DESC
cremat Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?	ENTY
other What do bicornate animals have two of ?	ENTY
reason Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?	DESC
desc What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?	DESC
ind What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?	HUM
gr What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?	HUM
def What is office automation ?	DESC
manner How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?	DESC
manner How do microwaves work ?	DESC
ind What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	HUM
ind Who wrote Brave New World ?	HUM
animal In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?	ENTY
ind Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?	HUM
techmeth What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?	ENTY
reason What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?	DESC
volsize How big is the Electoral College ?	NUM
sport What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?	ENTY
ind In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?	HUM
date In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	NUM
gr What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?	HUM
termeq What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?	ENTY
sport What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?	ENTY
desc What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?	DESC
def What is typhoid fever ?	DESC
other What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?	ENTY
other Where are the 49 steps ?	LOC
def What are perfect tenses ?	DESC
period How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?	NUM
other Where can I find information on George Bush ?	LOC
other What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?	LOC
ind Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?	HUM
count How many neurons are in the human brain ?	NUM
sport What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?	ENTY
desc What happens when a body part falls asleep ?	DESC
ind What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?	DESC
count How much iron is in your body ?	NUM
other How often are quadruplets born ?	NUM
instru What instrument does Benny Carter play ?	ENTY
other Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?	LOC
dist How tall was the animated Frankenstein	NUM
reason How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	DESC
manner How is plastic made ?	DESC
desc Who is Johnny Carson ?	HUM
food What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?	ENTY
manner How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?	DESC
period How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?	NUM
other What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?	LOC
desc What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?	DESC
def What is a wet dream ?	DESC
food What do chefs call The Master Spice ?	ENTY
count What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?	NUM
def What is Nitrox diving ?	DESC
desc What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?	DESC
def What is e-commerce ?	DESC
ind Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?	HUM
termeq What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?	ENTY
desc What was the proper Laugh-In respones to 	DESC
desc What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''	DESC
def What are the Baltic States ?	DESC
title What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?	HUM
ind Who developed potlatch ?	HUM
other Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?	LOC
def What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?	DESC
manner How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars	DESC
date What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	NUM
state What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	LOC
gr What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?	HUM
ind Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?	HUM
desc Who was Darius ?	HUM
abb What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?	ABBR
other What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?	LOC
other Which of the five senses develops first ?	ENTY
food What do penguins eat ?	ENTY
ind Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?	HUM
other Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?	LOC
desc What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of odors , body , ?	ENTY
def What are manifest and latent function theories ?	DESC
country What country is home to Heineken beer ?	LOC
other What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?	LOC
ind What was Michelangelo 's last name ?	HUM
ind Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?	HUM
ind What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?	HUM
manner How do I start a web based business ?	DESC
def What 's a water funnel ?	DESC
gr Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?	HUM
gr What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?	HUM
reason What were the causes of the Civil War ?	DESC
ind Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?	HUM
manner How does a parachute work ?	DESC
money What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?	NUM
gr What organization has a Security Council ?	HUM
ind What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?	HUM
ind What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	HUM
substance What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?	ENTY
mount What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	LOC
exp What is SAP ?	ABBR
ind Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?	HUM
country What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?	LOC
city What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?	LOC
ind Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?	HUM
other What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?	ENTY
other Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?	LOC
ind What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?	HUM
cremat What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition 	ENTY
other What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?	ENTY
def What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?	DESC
reason Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?	DESC
other Where was Lincoln assassinated ?	LOC
other What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?	NUM
manner How do you address a Chinese person ?	DESC
other What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	LOC
ind Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?	HUM
ind Who killed Kurt Cobain ?	HUM
manner How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?	DESC
count How many acres in a mile ?	NUM
ind What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?	HUM
termeq What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?	ENTY
veh What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	ENTY
money How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	NUM
count How many people live in cities ?	NUM
cremat What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?	ENTY
ind What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?	HUM
color What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?	ENTY
abb What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?	ABBR
veh What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?	ENTY
city What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?	LOC
date When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?	NUM
ind What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	HUM
event What age followed the Bronze Age ?	ENTY
other Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	LOC
def What is a leaky heart valve ?	DESC
termeq What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?	ENTY
other What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?	ENTY
ind Who is the Voyager project manager ?	HUM
manner How do hermit crabs reproduce ?	DESC
other What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?	ENTY
period How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?	NUM
other What turns blue litmus paper red ?	ENTY
desc What is the history of `` the toast '' ?	DESC
exp What does IBM stand for ?	ABBR
manner How do you clean up a cache ?	DESC
sport What sport is played on the largest field ?	ENTY
def What is a horologist ?	DESC
desc What is the origin of infinity ?	DESC
title What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?	DESC
word What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?	ENTY
color What 's the most popular contact lens color ?	ENTY
food What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	ENTY
animal What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?	ENTY
count How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?	NUM
country In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?	LOC
product Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	ENTY
other What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?	ENTY
def What is fiber in food ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of disease ?	ENTY
ind What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?	HUM
other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	LOC
exp What does NASDAQ stand for ?	ABBR
desc What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?	DESC
count How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?	NUM
count How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?	NUM
ind What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?	HUM
other What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?	LOC
ind What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?	HUM
reason Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?	DESC
city What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	LOC
manner How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .	DESC
termeq What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?	ENTY
country What are the Nordic nations ?	LOC
substance What is a softball made of ?	ENTY
ind What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?	HUM
substance What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	ENTY
manner How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	DESC
termeq What do Italians call Florence ?	ENTY
manner How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?	DESC
country What are the Nordic nations ?	LOC
reason Colin Powell is famous for what ?	DESC
dismed What is a fear of slime ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the atom ?	DESC
gr What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?	HUM
ind What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	HUM
other What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?	ENTY
ind Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?	HUM
ind Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?	HUM
gr What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	HUM
gr What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?	HUM
country What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?	LOC
other What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?	LOC
def What is nuclear proliferation ?	DESC
def What is artificial intelligence ?	DESC
dismed What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?	ENTY
manner How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?	DESC
manner How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?	DESC
animal What are the two largest birds on earth ?	ENTY
def What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?	DESC
cremat What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?	ENTY
cremat What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?	ENTY
ind Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?	HUM
ind What American poet wrote 	HUM
count How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?	NUM
city What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?	LOC
other How loud is thunder ?	NUM
exp What is the full form of .com ?	ABBR
count How many people live in the Falklands ?	NUM
ind What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?	HUM
manner How does a scientific calculator work ?	DESC
def What is an arab strap ?	DESC
gr What civilization invented the arch ?	HUM
ind What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?	HUM
gr What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?	HUM
animal What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?	ENTY
date When does the Bible say the seasons started ?	NUM
count How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?	NUM
event What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?	ENTY
def What 's an auberge in France ?	DESC
def What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	DESC
other What can communications satellites offer yachts ?	ENTY
ind What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	HUM
count How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?	NUM
city What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	LOC
def What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?	DESC
ind Who killed JFK ?	HUM
ind Who designed London Bridge ?	HUM
dismed What is a fear of sourness ?	ENTY
event What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?	ENTY
other What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?	LOC
country What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?	LOC
other Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?	LOC
city What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?	LOC
ind What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?	HUM
desc What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?	DESC
other Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?	LOC
desc Who was Jane Goodall ?	HUM
techmeth What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?	ENTY
cremat What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?	ENTY
city What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?	LOC
city What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	LOC
country What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?	LOC
dismed What is a fear of lice ?	ENTY
other What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?	ENTY
other What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?	ENTY
def What are amaretto biscuits ?	DESC
manner How can you tell if someone is lying ?	DESC
termeq What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?	ENTY
food What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?	ENTY
religion In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	ENTY
body What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	ENTY
other What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
ind What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?	HUM
date What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	NUM
other What was Einstein 's IQ ?	NUM
manner How do I impress a guy ?	DESC
other Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?	LOC
instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	ENTY
other What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	ENTY
count How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?	NUM
city What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	LOC
ind What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?	HUM
mount What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?	LOC
def What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	DESC
sport What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?	ENTY
ind Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?	HUM
cremat What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?	ENTY
manner How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?	DESC
event What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?	ENTY
manner How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	DESC
veh What is the name of the second space shuttle ?	ENTY
exp What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?	ABBR
sport What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?	ENTY
dismed What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	ENTY
period How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?	NUM
gr Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .	HUM
product Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	ENTY
reason Why was Curious George curious ?	DESC
substance What is a golf ball made of ?	ENTY
gr What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	HUM
count How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?	NUM
ind Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?	HUM
manner How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?	DESC
manner How do you write a book report ?	DESC
ind Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?	HUM
food What do manatees eat ?	ENTY
other What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?	ENTY
other What constitutes an adult ?	ENTY
reason How come light bulbs go out ?	DESC
other What is the population of Mozambique ?	NUM
def What is splatterpunk ?	DESC
dist How long is Camptown Racetrack ?	NUM
perc What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?	NUM
def What are the Poconos ?	DESC
count How many sides does an obelisk have ?	NUM
def What does the term glory hole mean ?	DESC
manner How is the element strontium purified ?	DESC
dismed Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?	ENTY
other What four forms does gold occur in ?	ENTY
termeq What 's another name for aspartame ?	ENTY
other What did Abolitionists try to end ?	ENTY
other What is April 's gemstone ?	ENTY
ind What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?	HUM
count How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	NUM
desc Who was Jean Nicolet ?	HUM
animal What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?	ENTY
ind What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?	HUM
food What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?	ENTY
ind Who founded the modern theory of probability ?	HUM
ind What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?	HUM
ind What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?	HUM
def What is a First World country ?	DESC
ind Who was the inventor of the stove ?	HUM
veh Name an American made motorcycle .	ENTY
other What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?	ENTY
veh What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?	ENTY
other In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?	ENTY
cremat What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?	ENTY
desc What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?	DESC
other What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?	ENTY
period How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?	NUM
def What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?	DESC
def What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?	DESC
perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	NUM
count How many years make up a lustrum ?	NUM
reason What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?	DESC
def What is hebephrenia ?	DESC
exp What does NAFTA stand for ?	ABBR
date When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	NUM
desc What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?	DESC
def What is the Hub of London ?	DESC
city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	LOC
other In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?	ENTY
country What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	LOC
country What country owns Corsica ?	LOC
def What is molybdenum ?	DESC
other What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?	LOC
other Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?	LOC
ind Who 's the only president buried in Washington	HUM
country What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	LOC
cremat What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?	ENTY
animal What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	HUM
date What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?	NUM
def What is tumbled marble ?	DESC
ind Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?	HUM
desc What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?	DESC
gr What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?	HUM
ind Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?	HUM
def What is ouzo ?	DESC
manner How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	DESC
food What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?	ENTY
count How many liberty bells have there been ?	NUM
lang What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	ENTY
date When did World War I start ?	NUM
def What is troilism ?	DESC
dismed What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	ENTY
def What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?	DESC
body Where is the human skin least sensitive ?	ENTY
ind What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?	HUM
money How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	NUM
count How many liberty bells have there been ?	NUM
ind Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?	HUM
date When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?	NUM
country What are the five richest countries in the world ?	LOC
count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	NUM
other What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?	LOC
other What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?	LOC
desc Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?	HUM
city Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	LOC
other What does a philatelist collect ?	ENTY
date When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	NUM
animal What animals do you find in the stock market ?	ENTY
dismed What is a fear of women ?	ENTY
food What is the world 's best selling cookie ?	ENTY
manner How can someone become a federal agent ?	DESC
other What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?	ENTY
desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?	HUM
gr What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?	HUM
country What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?	LOC
desc What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?	DESC
count What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?	NUM
count How many zeros are there in a trillion ?	NUM
manner How did Asia get its name ?	DESC
cremat What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	ENTY
state What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?	LOC
date When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	NUM
ind What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?	HUM
city What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?	LOC
other Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	LOC
termeq What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?	ENTY
ind What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?	HUM
def What is infomatics ?	DESC
desc What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?	DESC
manner How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	DESC
termeq What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?	ENTY
count How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?	NUM
desc What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?	DESC
other What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?	LOC
ind Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .	HUM
animal What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
other What does a phobophobe fear ?	ENTY
other Where can I get mailing lists ?	LOC
count What is the population of the largest Chilean city	NUM
date When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?	NUM
other What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	NUM
other What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?	LOC
exp What does the word LASER mean ?	ABBR
country What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?	LOC
desc Who was Picasso ?	HUM
count How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	NUM
ind Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?	HUM
def What is a Canada two-penny black ?	DESC
date When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?	NUM
city What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?	LOC
count How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?	NUM
desc What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?	DESC
other What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?	ENTY
reason What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	DESC
perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	NUM
gr Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?	HUM
other What are the biggest Indian airports ?	LOC
period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	NUM
other What credit card features a centurion on its face ?	ENTY
reason Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	DESC
cremat What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	ENTY
cremat What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?	ENTY
ind What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?	HUM
manner How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?	DESC
ind Who invented Astroturf ?	HUM
count About how many soldiers died in World War II ?	NUM
other What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?	LOC
ind What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?	HUM
manner How does color affect a person psychologically ?	DESC
date In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	NUM
count How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of being dirty ?	ENTY
techmeth What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?	ENTY
money How much does one ton of cement cost ?	NUM
manner How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?	DESC
ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	HUM
other Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	LOC
animal Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	ENTY
gr Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?	HUM
ind Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?	HUM
symbol What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?	ENTY
termeq What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?	ENTY
desc What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?	DESC
other What is the habitat of the chickadee ?	LOC
cremat What was the first Sam Spade novel ?	ENTY
manner How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	DESC
country What country is famous for Persian rugs ?	LOC
count How many James Bond novels are there ?	NUM
ind Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?	HUM
word What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?	ENTY
gr Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	HUM
def What is a meerkat ?	DESC
count How many yards are in 1 mile ?	NUM
reason What caused the Titanic to sink ?	DESC
other What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?	LOC
reason What causes blue balls ?	DESC
gr What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?	HUM
ind What is the present Pope named ?	HUM
desc Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?	HUM
ind What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?	HUM
other Where is Windsor Castle ?	LOC
date What year was the ATM first introduced ?	NUM
other What are the world 's four oceans ?	LOC
food What does a tarantula eat ?	ENTY
state In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?	LOC
food What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?	ENTY
def What is cunnilingus ?	DESC
date CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	NUM
ind Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?	HUM
desc What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?	DESC
cremat What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	ENTY
def What is a ` borrow pit ' ?	DESC
other What was known as the Spice Island ?	LOC
other What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?	LOC
def What is the Immaculate Conception ?	DESC
ind What U.S. vice-president once declared 	HUM
product What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?	ENTY
count How many millimeters are in a mile ?	NUM
code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	NUM
city What is the capital of Seattle ?	LOC
other Name an art gallery in New York .	LOC
animal What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?	ENTY
count How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?	NUM
ind When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?	HUM
desc What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	DESC
cremat What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?	ENTY
desc What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?	DESC
desc What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?	DESC
cremat What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?	ENTY
count How many watts make a kilowatt ?	NUM
other What cards are bullets ?	ENTY
money How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	NUM
ind What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	HUM
desc What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?	DESC
ind Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?	HUM
desc What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?	DESC
other What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	LOC
animal What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?	ENTY
date When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	NUM
ind What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?	HUM
food Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?	ENTY
date When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?	NUM
ind Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	HUM
ind What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?	HUM
other Where did the Maya people live ?	LOC
reason Why do we have to go to school ?	DESC
cremat What is the largest sculpture in the world ?	ENTY
ind Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?	HUM
def What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?	DESC
ind Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?	HUM
other What does a resurrectionist steal ?	ENTY
ind What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	HUM
reason Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?	DESC
ind What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?	HUM
manner How do windmills work ?	DESC
period How long does a dog sleep ?	NUM
dismed What is a fear of touching ?	ENTY
exp CPR is the abbreviation for what ?	ABBR
count How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?	NUM
date What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?	NUM
other What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?	LOC
other What 's the nearest star to Earth ?	LOC
manner How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	DESC
other What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?	LOC
ind Who is the Antichrist ?	HUM
date What is the busiest air travel season ?	NUM
desc Who is Edmund Kemper ?	HUM
food Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .	ENTY
ind Who was the first woman in space ?	HUM
color What is your favorite color ?	ENTY
color What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?	ENTY
ind Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?	HUM
title What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?	HUM
reason Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?	DESC
def What is a wart ?	DESC
city What state capital comes last alphabetically ?	LOC
manner How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	DESC
animal What is the West Virginia state animal ?	ENTY
termeq What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?	ENTY
count How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?	NUM
event What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?	ENTY
count How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?	NUM
desc What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	DESC
ind Who invented the paper clip ?	HUM
cremat What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?	ENTY
ind What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?	HUM
exp What does IQ stand for ?	ABBR
ind What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?	HUM
def What does Venus Retrograde mean ?	DESC
ind Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?	HUM
food What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?	ENTY
count How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?	NUM
count How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?	NUM
def What was an `` Asiento '' ?	DESC
exp What does VCR stand for ?	ABBR
desc Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?	DESC
other What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?	LOC
desc What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?	DESC
desc What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?	DESC
count How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?	NUM
country What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	LOC
ind What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?	HUM
def What is hypertext ?	DESC
city What city is Logan Airport in ?	LOC
gr What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	HUM
ind Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?	HUM
def What is the Home Rule Act ?	DESC
country What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	LOC
city What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	LOC
gr Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .	HUM
desc What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?	DESC
country Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	LOC
other Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?	LOC
cremat Jude Law acted in which film ?	ENTY
manner How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?	DESC
reason Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?	DESC
other Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?	LOC
def What are the alveoli ?	DESC
other What square is the geographical center of London ?	LOC
volsize How big is a quart ?	NUM
money How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?	NUM
def What is osteichthyes ?	DESC
count How many people have died of tuberculosis ?	NUM
animal What bird can swim but can 't fly ?	ENTY
other What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?	LOC
manner How were the days of the week named ?	DESC
product Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	ENTY
other What was Einstein 's IQ ?	NUM
cremat What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''	ENTY
date What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?	NUM
ind What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?	HUM
other What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	LOC
money What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?	NUM
ind What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?	HUM
def What does the word affiant mean ?	DESC
other What does it take to become a lawyer ?	ENTY
ind What U.S. Congressman said 	HUM
manner How can I find online spelling ?	DESC